[SPEAKER_04]: conflicted on the ability for payment gateways to be able to have a say on what they will or won't process charges for.
[SPEAKER_04]: Obviously, any provider has that right and the power to cut off shitty behavior is important, but there are too many times where that collides with shitty buyers but legitimate sellers.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't have a concise summary or witty detail to add, just that it's an evergreen situation and always frustrating.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm back to my Summer Closet Studio series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
[SPEAKER_04]: Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
[SPEAKER_08]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_08]: It is Orange Lounge Radio Live once again.
[SPEAKER_08]: Tonight, July the 20th of 2025, episode number 1055 of our show.
[SPEAKER_08]: My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you every week with my co-hosts.
[SPEAKER_08]: First off, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_08]: How are you doing?
Hello.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm really pooped.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, you had a long day yesterday.
[SPEAKER_03]: I did, but good things happened.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to circle back and talk about that in a minute.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's why I just said good things happened.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let me circle back and say hello to Techmaster Loki as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi, Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_08]: Doing pretty good.
[SPEAKER_08]: I saw you live streaming some Minecraft yesterday.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, well, still, I was like, I saw you fighting some gelatinous cube, and I was like, I don't remember that being a Minecraft mob.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you're going to be like, that's been in the game for five years.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, it's been there forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: But it's like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll show you the last time I actually played Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that was there when the Xbox 360 version was out, maybe.
[SPEAKER_08]: What?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't remember it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe I just never saw it for some reason.
[SPEAKER_08]: um so i just want to give a little disclaimer i've been having technical challenges all day long so a recent windows update screwed up my sound settings and i thought it was obs the you know software we use to push out orange launch radio which just about everybody uses on twitch i mean i'm
[SPEAKER_08]: There's a couple other, you know, fringe broadcast programs, but most people use OBS at this point.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I thought it was OBS was the issue.
[SPEAKER_08]: And so I did a complete reinstall of OBS.
[SPEAKER_08]: And in the process, I've screwed a lot of things up, including some of our sound related issues, which some of our live listeners are well aware of.
[SPEAKER_08]: And so we had a little bit of a false start tonight, but I'm hoping everything turns out A-OK with the podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_08]: You live, you learn, and sometimes you got to improvise.
[SPEAKER_08]: And the good old saying goes,
[SPEAKER_08]: Probably the one good thing that Bill O'Reilly brought this world was that clip where you see him going, fuck it, we'll do it live, fuck it.
[SPEAKER_08]: That clip lives rent-free in my head because it's so good and really is a mantra for how we run this program.
[SPEAKER_08]: So great.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Speaking of doing things live, DarkSakura, I want to go back to you because you had a fun little weekend.
[SPEAKER_08]: How was – A Saturday at least.
[SPEAKER_08]: How was this little – well, enough fun for an entire weekend in one day.
[SPEAKER_08]: How was California Extreme?
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was big.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't think I did as much this year as I did before, but I had a good time anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: Mostly met back up with a lot of the vendors who I make friends with every year, just talking classic games and stuff.
Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_03]: And another person that I need to talk to you about later, so I'm not going to spoil who, was also in the Guinness Book of World Records, the same one we were in.
[SPEAKER_08]: You texted me about this.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_03]: And saw us.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like, hey, I know her.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was like, yeah, it's a 15-year-old picture.
[SPEAKER_03]: Really?
[SPEAKER_03]: Recognized you from the picture?
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's wild.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, because I see him every year at California Expo.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, because you see him every year.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, I got it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got it.
[SPEAKER_03]: and then I bought YY World for Famicom it's the only game I bought this year I got some doodads and I have Anton who runs one of the shops that's usually out in the hallway gave me something that is disturbing and I love it because of how disturbing it is
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a Tekken 3 Heihachi Mishima trophy, like the same one in Tekken 3.
[SPEAKER_03]: It looks very disturbing.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's also a coin bank, and he just gave it to me.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm like, okay, cool, thank you.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then I bought a Chain Chomp.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I also bought an Omni Blade from Mass Effect 3.
Okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: I literally thought you already had one.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that's why you're like, oh, this is my cosplay today.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, he was also selling a helmet.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I was like, if you don't sell it at the convention, talk to me and we'll try to work something out.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I sent you a picture of me wearing it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And he had one of the light up visors, which I thought was really cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe there'll be a Shepard cosplay in the future.
[SPEAKER_03]: If I can have time and help making all that armor.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe I'll just run around in the hoodie with the Omniblade.
[SPEAKER_03]: Go, hey, Commander Shepard.
[SPEAKER_03]: Go, Shepard.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, no, just running around the Normandy.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm Norma D. Shepard.
[SPEAKER_08]: I caught some fun pictures.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know you weren't the only person there.
[SPEAKER_08]: Over on our Discord server, over at vognetwork.com slash Discord, if you want to chat with us throughout the week, we have a channel for conventions and pictures at conventions and meetup and stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bobby and I always light up that channel during DragonCon, but I'm glad to see it getting other use too, because I saw Rin Mari, one of our listeners, was posting a lot from California Stream, and I was happy to see that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Which I was going to be bringing up.
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_03]: I was like, is your name Lorenzo?
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: I know.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm just going to call you Chuck.
[SPEAKER_03]: No!
[SPEAKER_03]: We were having a fun time.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was going to say, she's not so little.
[SPEAKER_08]: I blinked and she was like seven.
[SPEAKER_03]: She's in second grade.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm wild to me.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, she's a cutie.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I know.
[SPEAKER_08]: She's adorable.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I also ran into Wendell at the sushi restaurant that we went to.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, fuck.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's a blast from the past.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I'm really, I was so happy to see him.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's been years since I saw Wendell.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I also met up, spoke with a couple of his buddies there.
[SPEAKER_03]: With something else, we might want to have a little bit of an interview slash exchange.
[SPEAKER_03]: I will approach that with you later.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: But, you know, I honestly didn't play as much as I normally do.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, I played that Soda game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Root Beer Tapper Baja Blast Tapper
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: Called like Soda something.
[SPEAKER_08]: Taco Bell Cantina Chapper?
[SPEAKER_07]: No.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can now have your weddings there?
[SPEAKER_03]: No, no.
[SPEAKER_03]: Stop.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm trying to remember and it's kind of frustrating when I can't think of the name.
[SPEAKER_03]: I thought I took a picture of it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, go ahead.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, it was pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: I played a little bit of it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then it's sort of like the cups appear under a fountain, you know, nozzle.
[SPEAKER_03]: and you have to pull the right lever to fill the cup without overfilling it and it gets challenging later on people will put ice in other people's cups but you're just having to serve drinks the whole time and it is based off of a bar version relatively newer game and this was a test for a ticket spitter version for arcades it was pretty fun let's collect soda soda blast
[SPEAKER_03]: Soda Slam, something like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I was just on the verge of remembering the name and then didn't.
[SPEAKER_03]: But, you know, I played like Venture and the Parappa Arcade Machine.
[SPEAKER_06]: Does it have like neon taps on it or something?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, it's Soda Slam.
[SPEAKER_06]: Soda Slam, super deluxe.
[SPEAKER_03]: That was the one.
[SPEAKER_03]: WPC Games are getting old and so are we
[SPEAKER_03]: It was very fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: It looks like... What is that game?
[SPEAKER_08]: Overcooked?
[SPEAKER_08]: It looks like that meets Tapper.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's kind of what it looks like to me.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: The original inspiration was off of Tapper.
[SPEAKER_03]: Back in the day.
[SPEAKER_03]: For the bar version.
[SPEAKER_03]: There was some old computers too.
[SPEAKER_03]: There was a first edition iMac CRT.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's also a Maker's Fair.
[SPEAKER_03]: I got Salami.
[SPEAKER_03]: and Chocolate and some Rhubarb Jam and that made me happy.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just played a few things there and there.
[SPEAKER_03]: They had their Wizards of War Why did I say Wizards of War?
[SPEAKER_03]: It's Warlords for dollars competition that they do every year.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think Dan won $4.
[SPEAKER_03]: and really it was just a lot of wandering and talking with people and you know networking a bit I got the person that I got the Astarion and the get along shirt for Lizelle and Shadowheart the little pin the badge tokens things I can't remember charms thank you I have a Jeff one Jeff the Shark
[SPEAKER_03]: and so I have a bigger one of those that's supposed to be a scrunchie holder and um looked through like some old PC games like I wanted it just for the nostalgia even though I really don't have a way to run it but it was Super Tetris by Spectrum Holobyte for the Mac 2 I just would have put that on my desk at work um and um
[SPEAKER_03]: I also taught someone how to use the peroxide and UV lights to clean up Nintendo bodies.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it was sort of just a little bit more educational.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then I got punched.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's not good.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, I also played Dance Maniacs.
[SPEAKER_08]: Wait, wait, wait, wait.
[SPEAKER_08]: Go back to the part where you got punched.
[SPEAKER_08]: What happened?
[SPEAKER_03]: So, one of the pinball group's guys, he was very, very, very, very drunk.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's no excuse.
[SPEAKER_03]: And we were going to hug another friend at the same time, and he just went wild with an arm and clocked me out.
[SPEAKER_03]: so like an accidental like crossing of the streams except it was arms but it was pretty direct feeling is what the problem was I mean I'm not gonna say anything about it but I have been punched in the jaw before um and this is what that felt like but I knew it wasn't deliberate so I'm just kind of laughing about it so you know a few days ago I get hit by a car and this time I get clocked in the jaw you should so you should stay home for a few days
[SPEAKER_08]: Just saying.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was just like... Don't call into work sick.
[SPEAKER_08]: Call into work cursed.
[SPEAKER_08]: Say, I'm cursed right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: I've been hit by a car and punched and these things come in threes, so I can't come into work because I'm cursed.
[SPEAKER_03]: That means I would just be delaying the inevitable.
[SPEAKER_03]: Then it would be like my roof would fall down, which would also not just mean I'm injured, but I'd have to get a new roof.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's not good.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then Midna, something might happen to Midna.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't want that to happen.
[SPEAKER_03]: Midna's my boo.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, we don't.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, but...
[SPEAKER_03]: But I had really good sushi, though.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was really good.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, it was just nice to see people.
[SPEAKER_03]: Got to hang out with friends and see people.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I had a beer, a beer, because that was the only way I could deal with certain things going on.
[SPEAKER_08]: I get that whole like seeing people is really the highlight of the convention.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, you know, having just gone to Southern Fried, what, like four or five weeks ago, whenever it was, I feel like half of the great stuff of that convention was getting to see a lot of my Dragon Con people a little bit early, you know, and it's nice to see sort of like, you know, those people I only get to see a couple times a year, if that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's always nice.
[SPEAKER_03]: I play Dance Maniacs.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I had some biscuit time.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alright, we'll get into more games.
[SPEAKER_03]: The person that does the shooter games wasn't there.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, that's too bad.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, so there were a couple of shooters, but nothing I was interested in playing.
[SPEAKER_03]: A few different games that I don't normally see there were around, and of course they had the game that shall not be named, the pinball that shall not be named.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_08]: yeah they had it at Southern Fried too in big old lines but Steve Ritchie was there this year took people away from the other pinball machines I wanted to play so it's fine yeah but yeah
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, well I'm sure we'll hear a little bit more in your gaming week, but we want to get into some gaming headlines.
[SPEAKER_03]: That was my gaming week, so there you go.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well let's get into our kickoff topic for tonight.
[SPEAKER_08]: So Loki, you want to tell us a little bit about a big change in gaming media and TV sports, Xbox, and the entire Xbox One launch presentation is kind of feeling a little dated at this point, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, unfortunately, at this point, you know, Xbox isn't going to be about games, TV, TV, TV, sports, TV anymore, and movies.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just going to be about games.
[SPEAKER_07]: TV, and movies.
[SPEAKER_07]: That content is going away.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or at least has gone away.
[SPEAKER_07]: Apparently, July 18th, Xbox posted an FAQ confirming that it was done selling movies and TV episodes on its digital storefront.
[SPEAKER_07]: Basically saying, Microsoft has stopped selling new movie and TV content.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is pretty blatant.
Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: yeah of course the question is that like with them not selling it does that mean that people that bought content are they gonna retain that content or are they just gonna pull a Sony and be like oh no the rights we didn't negotiate them this long bye bye you spent all that money bye bye it's gone you don't own it it's a license to view it I don't know I you know like
[SPEAKER_07]: I had a lot of positive, like, you know, I would have given Microsoft in the past the benefit of the doubt, but considering the actions within the last couple years, yeah, I don't know anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hopefully you'll be able to view that stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: Honestly, like...
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe don't build digital libraries on these consoles?
[SPEAKER_08]: You're going to still have access to everything.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's out there.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anything you bought, you can still access.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just that they're not selling the new stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's in their FAQ.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's also reasonable to think.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it is reasonable to jump to the conclusion of...
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, I can still access things through the server, but one day will they decide to pull the server?
[SPEAKER_08]: And I only say Nintendo with 3DS and other things has set that precedent.
[SPEAKER_08]: We've seen other, which is I think the slippery slope that makes people avoid digital in the first place.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, Microsoft being a bigger company,
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, if Microsoft were to ever disappear, that would be quite the change.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not saying it'll never happen.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, you know, Sega completely pivoted from what they were.
[SPEAKER_08]: Or you have huge, you know, legacy companies that were huge at one point in the lives and now, you know, not even what they used to be.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, so I'm not going to say it's never, ever going to happen.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I think it's certainly reasonable to say that someday, you know, that content is not going to be there.
[SPEAKER_08]: But that's why...
[SPEAKER_08]: Some people are shying away from digital in the first place.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I see Bobby in chat says, a lot of people hated Xbox being about TV sports movies, and now people are hating that Xbox is no longer about TV sports movies.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not bothered that they closed this because I wasn't using it, and I completely recognize that if people aren't using something, it's going to go away.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now I know, because I saw the chat during Bobby's show, and I think we have an email later in the show, I know there are people that were using it that are a lot more directly impacted by this, because if you were putting your stock in buying things in the Xbox shop, and then suddenly it goes away...
[SPEAKER_08]: even if the servers are staying up you now have to have one collection over here and another collection over here and it's going to be tempting to just buy the stuff you already bought over here to have it over here in this pile and that gets really ridiculous at some point, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: So as much as I personally am not really feeling any sort of strong feeling about this announcement, I do think Microsoft fumbled the bag in the fact that they never got people to use this marketplace more.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I wonder if this is just something that Sony is going to fall for at some point too.
[SPEAKER_08]: And the reason why I say this, I mentioned –
[SPEAKER_08]: I remember bringing this up a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, they did.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, did Sony stop selling movies and stuff too?
[SPEAKER_08]: See, I don't even know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, no, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was thinking of more the Discovery stuff that got pulled.
[SPEAKER_07]: So they are selling stuff, but then that license expired.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then instead of like, well, you just can't buy the content anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're like, no, you can't view the content anymore.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, here's the thing is that Sony, especially in their case, they not only own a very large gaming console company, but they also own a movie studio.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think you all are well aware about Sony Pictures, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: You know about that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So with that...
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, Luke, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_08]: So in that case, it was an agreement between Microsoft and Paramount+.
[SPEAKER_08]: But in Sony's case, you would think that they would give away some Sony sci-fi movies that didn't make much money and probably are sold for pennies to Basic Cable at this point.
[SPEAKER_08]: You'd think they would throw some of those into PlayStation Plus to try to sweeten the deal and most of all, lure people to that spot to start to build their online collection and so they have to use that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, for...
[SPEAKER_08]: I would have zero reason to use the Epic Game Store if it wasn't for the free game collection.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's other things like that that lure people to these places to get them to make it a part of what they check, their hobby, and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm shocked that for all the talk of TV, movie, sport, TV, movie, sports, Microsoft didn't try to push people more into those places to get them to try to stay there and instead open themselves up to these partnerships with Paramount+, Netflix,
[SPEAKER_08]: I almost said Traders, but that's Peacock, which the Traders is on, and all those other streaming services.
[SPEAKER_08]: We all know there's a million of them, and they sort of lost to themselves in that regard.
[SPEAKER_08]: People are going to the streaming services instead, or even if it's a buy-to-own situation, they go to what?
[SPEAKER_08]: Plex?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know, so actually Plex is a Sony product.
[SPEAKER_08]: So maybe, I don't know, maybe I'm off base with my read on that one.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, you know, there isn't really a Microsoft type of streaming service or anything.
[SPEAKER_08]: So it's just at some point they decided they weren't really going to go all in on that game.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's what it really ended up being.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's sad for the people that used it, but I think Microsoft just wrote this off a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_08]: They decided to go all in with Game Pass.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I'm just very curious why they didn't try to have an Entertainment Pass that would have Game Pass plus a Paramount Plus subscription deal, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: I've been saying for the longest time, like...
[SPEAKER_07]: Steam needs to get in on that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Can you imagine like people that impulse buyouts like start releasing like these or like even like Hubbubunnel or something like if movies were on Steam and you had all this stuff imagine like just buying like you have the Neil Breen stuff you can have like all these obscure movies that are essentially worthless they're not on any of these streaming services and hell probably a lot of them are on these like free streaming
[SPEAKER_07]: services that are built into different things but people would probably pay money to like add that to their collection just at the very least to just collect that stuff and so they have it like I just it feels like money being left on the table there uh Bobby Blackwolf says drop out tv even that's great get something that caters to nerds I think it's a fantastic I love drop out tv a lot of people do so I thoroughly enjoy that service but like it's
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, something like that even, like having the episodes.
[SPEAKER_08]: Do you know who is doing this and who is doing a good job with this?
[SPEAKER_08]: Who does do this?
[SPEAKER_08]: Who you don't normally think of as a game maker, but they definitely have a game ecosystem?
[SPEAKER_08]: Apple.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because Apple has an Apple One, I think it's called, and it's Apple Fitness, Apple Arcade, Apple...
[SPEAKER_08]: Apple TV, maybe?
[SPEAKER_08]: Apple Music?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's several Apple products that the iPhone user is likely to use, all kind of bundled in one thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: And so I do think that is a model that Microsoft and Sony ought to be looking at.
[SPEAKER_08]: Whether that model is for you or not, I think it's something that is leaving people on the table from these other companies not trying something similar.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's certainly, like, it's not entirely the same because it's more of, like, bundling services together.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it's still, like, that's not a bad idea because, you know, you have all that under one ecosystem.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, that'd be different, like, if Microsoft had their own, like, Netflix-type thing and then they bundled it in with Xbox Game Pass or something like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, that would be... But more of what I was saying, it was, like, piecemeal stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I get it, streaming services and stuff, and they want to, like, kind of bundle it all together.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I feel that, like, you could just...
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean even with Nintendo and the virtual console I mean the way people, me, buy games like just impulsively all the time like I feel that they could make a lot more money than they are charging what is it $60 a year or whatever that is for Nintendo expansion pass and all that stuff like you could be making a lot you're leaving money on the table right there yeah but I don't know yeah
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I'm really surprised.
[SPEAKER_08]: Again, kind of going back to the Apple thing, I'm surprised that Nintendo doesn't try to partner with a fitness company or partner with a multimedia to try to build a more rich thing than just the game.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just a little bit surprising to me.
[SPEAKER_08]: I feel like these entertainment companies that...
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, want to be about one box for movies, TVs and all of it.
[SPEAKER_08]: They don't do it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And it's weird to me how you have these large conglomerate companies like Sony that feel like they're so siloed where they don't work with each other.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to tell you another.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to tell you straight up.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to give my honest opinion.
[SPEAKER_08]: I hope we don't get the plug pulled in the middle of it.
[SPEAKER_08]: But Amazon's another one.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: But my point is, it's not obvious.
[SPEAKER_08]: One of the 30-second ads they should be running is tap now, click here to put this game in your cart on Amazon.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you can finish that, you know, because I know one-touch shopping is a little weird.
[SPEAKER_08]: But tap this button to put the game in your cart and you can go finish shopping on this stuff later.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or just like leave it in their ecosystem because there's a lot of games that are available through Amazon.
[SPEAKER_07]: Whatever the Amazon game service that we get free games on all the time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Luna?
[SPEAKER_08]: Or like the actual Amazon?
[SPEAKER_08]: Which again, also if you... Once again.
[SPEAKER_08]: It blows my mind.
[SPEAKER_08]: Click now to play this game instantly on Luna with your Prime subscription.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like the only thing where you see Amazon and Twitch playing together is the whole Twitch Prime.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, and they do... You get your one sub.
[SPEAKER_08]: You get your one sub.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not even Twitch because there's Twitch Turbo.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, you get games too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like there's all the free games that they're unlocked through there.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that's not Twitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's not Twitch.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's not.
[SPEAKER_03]: Amazon.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Technically it is because...
[SPEAKER_08]: It's weird.
[SPEAKER_08]: So AJ Twist in chat says, I feel like Amazon treats Twitch like an unwanted stepchild.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, kinda.
[SPEAKER_08]: And again, the whole talk's about bandwidth and how much bandwidth costs, and it's like, yo, aren't you in cahoots with AWS?
[SPEAKER_08]: And I understand that there is still a cost for it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not inherently free, but they shouldn't... Like, AWS should be giving Twitch their best possible friends and family rate type of thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just...
[SPEAKER_08]: It's so... Bobby says, Amazon charges Twitch full price to use AWS.
[SPEAKER_08]: That makes no fucking sense.
[SPEAKER_08]: Amazon is setting the site up to fail by doing that.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just wild to me.
[SPEAKER_07]: And on top of that, it's also weird, though, to go to your consumers being like...
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, it's your fault that it's too expensive.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, can you imagine?
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, can you imagine just going into a restaurant and you order something like, ugh, you know, that thing you ordered?
[SPEAKER_07]: We don't get much of a margin on that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, can you imagine, like, treating your customers like that?
[SPEAKER_07]: But here we are.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's Amazon intriguing its customers like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Fifth Dream in chat says there's a Discover Luna ad at the top always.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess I've... Oh, you know what?
[SPEAKER_08]: I have Twitch Turbo, so I guess I don't see the same thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: So to be fair, I don't see those same things.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I wouldn't find a button in the corner to buy the game on Amazon like in some of the real estate they have between the About page and all that.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wouldn't find that that intrusive, especially if the streamer is getting like a 3% kickback or whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: Whatever the affiliate agreement is for affiliate links, Twitch streamers should get basically the equivalent of that if people buy the game.
[SPEAKER_08]: And to be quite honest, when they have the ad breaks here on Twitch, I'm sorry, I'm going to call it what it is.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry, not sorry.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't give a fuck about crypto, and I think many of you don't either.
[SPEAKER_08]: And so those crypto ads land on extremely...
[SPEAKER_08]: Ears that do not want to hear.
[SPEAKER_08]: I do not perceive, therefore it is not.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't give a shit about crypto.
[SPEAKER_08]: But let me ask you this.
[SPEAKER_08]: There are people who do.
[SPEAKER_07]: But he was a major part of the Superman movie.
[SPEAKER_08]: Shut up.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: But let me say this.
[SPEAKER_08]: OK, so for those of you that feel like I do about crypto, let's say that there's a 30 second ad on Twitch instead.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's say I'm streaming Donkey Kong Bonanza and you're one of those people in my chat the night I was streaming that the other night that said, oh, maybe I will get this game after all.
[SPEAKER_08]: What if that 30 second ad instead was, hey, tap this button now to click on this ad now to put Donkey Kong Bonanza in your cart so that you can have it ready to go next time you're on Amazon?
[SPEAKER_08]: But, with ads?
[SPEAKER_03]: They run what the advertisers are paying them to run.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, I know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know.
[SPEAKER_03]: So there is nothing.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, yeah, that would be common sense and be great for people.
[SPEAKER_03]: But that's not how the machine works.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: The machine is run on whoever is paying for it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I get that.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I would think increasing sales of video games is also funding the machine.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like it's just another way.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not saying it would be solely.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not saying it would be solely those ads.
[SPEAKER_03]: Only if they have partnership with those companies and then it would still be just the games that those companies want to do.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're not always going to I don't think that there's any sort of thing built in to have it sync with whatever you're playing.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's just a generic push.
[SPEAKER_03]: They push whatever is going to be in that particular time frame.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's changing.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's absolutely changing because we hear this with Netflix and their whole AI thing and how they're going to have ads.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I'm not talking about Netflix.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm talking about Twitch and Amazon.
[SPEAKER_08]: But isn't it silly they're not operating on the same level?
[SPEAKER_08]: That's not our decision to make.
[SPEAKER_08]: I haven't seen an ad in years, so I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: Take one out of every... I see them when I'm watching on my non-computer.
[SPEAKER_08]: I watch on a different thing where I'm not logged in.
[SPEAKER_08]: Take one out of every two of those ads and replace it with what I was talking about before.
[SPEAKER_08]: It just doesn't make sense.
[SPEAKER_08]: And my point is, with these big companies, I don't understand why they don't work with each other to make better things for themselves.
[SPEAKER_08]: They all have a common interest in this.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just wild.
[SPEAKER_03]: it's just wild well and the other thing too to speak out about about Turbo is that the people that you're watching still get a cut out of Turbo whatever they would have gotten for the ads that play they get the equivalent cut in Turbo yep
[SPEAKER_03]: So the streamers are still getting benefit if you've got Turbo.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, it's even better if you sub or donate to streamers that you like, because then you are supporting their channel more directly.
[SPEAKER_03]: But they've got to make up their server money or whatever somehow.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm not talking to people who have Turbo right now.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm talking to people who don't or might be on the fence about it.
[SPEAKER_03]: But in the end, I mean...
[SPEAKER_03]: There's still a big, massive push on crypto.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's still a ton of people that are behind it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so people to get more money out of it are going to be pushing it and they are paying for the ads.
[SPEAKER_03]: End of story.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, we don't want to see them.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, we get car ads and I mean, are you going to really expect car ads on a Roblox stream?
[SPEAKER_03]: You're still gonna get them.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_03]: Or for kid-friendly channels, there's still gonna be ads for things that those kids don't care about, won't see, have no need to know about.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's just whoever...
[SPEAKER_03]: Whoever happens to pay for that, that's what we get.
[SPEAKER_03]: If we don't like it, then there is leaving feedback for these places instead of just putting it out into the ether.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's the way things happen.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's something like this statistically that for every eight people who have a problem with the service or something, only one of them says something about it.
[SPEAKER_08]: You mentioned about Twitch Turbo and people that don't have that yet.
[SPEAKER_08]: I've been saying this for years and I think the last breath of Twitch... Y'all are going to hate me for saying this, but it's going to happen someday.
[SPEAKER_08]: If this site continues to be banging the can against the bars to get money or whatever, I think the dying breath is...
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't think it will.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_03]: I agree with that.
[SPEAKER_03]: and on top of that too with any of the other streamers they are getting that ad revenue.
[SPEAKER_03]: One way or another ad revenue is happening.
[SPEAKER_03]: They have nothing to say about it.
[SPEAKER_03]: there's also embedded ads there are also every so often there'll be those people who are like oh let me cheer something for you and let me get a sub and of course Twitch gets 50% of that sub unless you're in the top tier of partner so I mean
[SPEAKER_03]: They're recouping a decent bit from people.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I don't think it's going to happen.
[SPEAKER_08]: The financial statements say otherwise.
[SPEAKER_08]: The layoffs say otherwise.
[SPEAKER_08]: Twitch is not really bringing in a profit.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I don't think that Turbo is going to become a required thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: They may start charging more for other services, but I don't think that Turbo is going to become a requirement for everybody to stream.
[SPEAKER_03]: If anything, I think that they may introduce different tiers of Turbo.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can see that, I guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: Which is stupid, but... Like, you get base turbo, which is bypassing the ads.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then you get turbo plus five subs.
[SPEAKER_03]: You pay a little bit more.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it ends up costing less than five subs, but you get to apply those subs to other people.
[SPEAKER_08]: Discounted subs to subscribe to multiple people.
[SPEAKER_08]: That is kind of a thing that I'm surprised also Twitch doesn't sort of have that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like a Costco sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: You hear that, Twitch execs?
[SPEAKER_03]: Hire me.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll fix your problems.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey, I have the most unpopular idea you could possibly implement.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're not going to do it.
[SPEAKER_03]: They know they would lose people immediately.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm still wanting Kick to fail horribly just because of how toxic it is.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm with you there, but otherwise Twitch doesn't really have competitors.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think YouTube is such a different platform.
[SPEAKER_08]: Everybody always says, but YouTube, it's like, YouTube is really for on-demand.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it really lacks when it comes to live.
[SPEAKER_03]: YouTube streaming has some very interesting features.
[SPEAKER_03]: I might have mentioned this on the channel before, but they have this thing they were implementing where if there is a certain amount of dead air or something that they will automatically interject an ad.
[SPEAKER_03]: and a lot of times people will work the way that they present their audio in such a way so that it triggers and added a specific moment or that people would have to rewind to re-listen to that and they'd get more airtime.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a big thing with YouTube.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then there's been a lot of risk of demonetization for some of the practices that were a year ago perfectly sanctioned.
[SPEAKER_03]: So there's a lot of drama.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, well, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're going to get into our gaming weeks and talk about the types of games that we have been playing this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: I need to step away real quick.
[SPEAKER_08]: So Jamie, I don't know if you want to elaborate, but if not, we'll throw it over to Matt.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll be right back.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, I also did, you know, a lot of, I beat Mass Effect 3 and I started over with the first Mass Effect, but I finally, finally got a Mass Effect 2 save editor to work.
[SPEAKER_03]: and I tested it just a little while ago and it is working beautifully.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I will be skipping Mass Effect again just because the gameplay is not particularly fantastic as much as I love the story and we'll be going into Mass Effect 2 later and testing to see if I can edit what my character looks like.
[SPEAKER_03]: so yay for that also of course Dead by Daylight we're through the we're supposed to be through the event I thought or we're not getting any extra bullet points or anything but I've got everything I need for the event so I'm just running around playing pig and being a menace you know as usual playing some polya so there you go cool
[SPEAKER_07]: I did Minecraft, as usual.
[SPEAKER_03]: How does your Knot Cracker Barrel?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's probably the most profitable store on the server because they sell everything that people want.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm making tons of money off of it, as usual.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I'm still waiting for everybody else to set up shops because that's the problem.
[SPEAKER_07]: I make a ton of money and I have nothing to do with it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have nothing to buy because no one sells anything.
[SPEAKER_07]: but I there are a few people that are setting up more shops so that's gonna be good um yeah it's been doing well it's just uh right now we have our sign paintings mod is is not updated yet so my wonderful cracker barrel logo is missing at the moment um until that's updated right now it just looks like a sign and you could call it canker barrel
[SPEAKER_07]: We got Krushy and Loaf.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's already there.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, it's doing well.
[SPEAKER_07]: I haven't decided to make... I was thinking about making another shop, but it'd be smaller and underground.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we'll get to that at some point.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've been working mostly this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Underground?
[SPEAKER_08]: Like a bootleg shop?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we have a tunnel.
[SPEAKER_07]: So coming off of the person that's building next to the main shopping district area, they have a post-apocalyptic tunnel
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: Tunnel for cars.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so there's cars broken down down there and there's like different shops in there as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like more space to put shops.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so it would be down in that.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had that kind of similar last season.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had a sewer that we had shops in, so I had an arcade in the sewer.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had our totally normal ninja camels that were, you know, dressed up like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, it would be one that sells like spooky stuff, like skulk and bone blocks and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that, because I have a lot of that right now, like my farms that produce that stuff are just overflowing.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I just need to get rid of it somehow.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that'd probably do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, no, this week I've been actually working on our battle arena thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I finished building it and I kind of showed it off a little bit on the stream.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like massive.
[SPEAKER_07]: but the game itself that's going to be in there requires coding a data pack because it's not something you can do it in vanilla Minecraft or you can do it in vanilla Minecraft you can't do it in survival Minecraft I should say because it requires summoning lots of monsters and stuff stuff that you would use commands to do and so I have to code the data pack for that so I've been working on that and making some progress although it's been not functioning quite like I want it to like for some reason it's just not
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: and I didn't update that for this version either so I'm like why does my old stuff work but this new one doesn't because I'm doing exactly the same thing I literally copied files from one to the other I don't understand but I'm sure I'll figure it out I'm sure it'll be something stupid like
[SPEAKER_07]: in the past it's been like oh we changed the name of this directory it has to be this now instead of this and so you have to read all of their patch notes to figure out what's changed or like look at existing data packs that do work and figure out okay what were they doing differently than I am and all that stuff but yeah it's it's coming along it'll be fun it's um
[SPEAKER_07]: It could be very massive, but it'll be something that kind of lasts the rest of the season.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can start working on my other mega game that is survival friendly.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we'll see how that goes.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I'm excited to get this done.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: My gaming week.
[SPEAKER_08]: OK, so before I get to my gaming week, I want to mention this because, Jamie, you were talking about seeing a blast in the past earlier.
[SPEAKER_08]: You saw like Wendell and, you know, some other blasts in the past.
[SPEAKER_08]: I also saw a blast from the past this week, and I'm going deep into OLR lore here.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network,
[SPEAKER_08]: who I ran into at the grocery store of all places Gay Garrett from those days who I haven't talked to I haven't talked to him in probably 17 years we just fell out of touch as things sometimes go sometimes and I ran into him at the grocery store of all places and it was like one of those like whoa it has been some time so now we have plans to get caught up next week and he's never met Alan because it's been that long I was like yeah
[SPEAKER_08]: How's he doing?
[SPEAKER_08]: Good, as far as I know, good.
[SPEAKER_08]: He actually lives not far from me.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got a quick little recap on all of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah, I'll let you know more after we get to touch base this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I just thought that was... Brandon, you went to a convention and saw somebody else.
[SPEAKER_08]: I went to the grocery store and ran into somebody.
[SPEAKER_08]: How chance is that, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: And yeah...
[SPEAKER_08]: We have plans to hang out this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe I'll get him back on the show someday to talk about what he's up to in gaming.
[SPEAKER_08]: Checking out his Instagram.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think he's game designing now a little bit.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I'll be very curious.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't think there's a product out there yet, but maybe in the future.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah, kind of random.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah, I was like, yeah, you should meet Alan, the guy I've been with for 15 years that I've married that you just never met.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: So anyway, random, random.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, but otherwise, my gaming week and the stuff that I oh, yeah, and I had I told him this show was still going and that we were acknowledged by Guinness last year.
[SPEAKER_08]: And he's like, wow, that you know, this is probably just probably the whole shock of like, oh, seeing somebody I haven't seen in a very, very, very long time.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, yeah, wild.
[SPEAKER_08]: SG100Matt says, I feel like he was a regular on Outside the Box.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, that is old OLR lore.
[SPEAKER_08]: He might have been.
[SPEAKER_08]: Literally, those days were a blur, so I couldn't tell you who were the regulars in that day.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just that it was a lot more...
[SPEAKER_08]: The place we lived was more Grand Central Station.
[SPEAKER_08]: People were coming over all the time and showing up on random shows.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, you know, it was a different era.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Back to video games.
[SPEAKER_08]: The games I've been playing this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Honestly, mostly Final Fantasy XIV, actually, which I know I bring that game up a lot.
[SPEAKER_08]: But usually it's like, oh, I'll sign in, check on auctions and kind of not do a lot.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_08]: Why can't I remember the name of the class?
[SPEAKER_08]: Pictomancer.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was like, Paint Master.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm finally playing, which is actually a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: Once I figured out, because it's weird at first when you play it.
[SPEAKER_08]: You're like, why do I spend like four seconds casting, painting these paintings?
[SPEAKER_08]: And what do they do?
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, once you kind of figure that out.
[SPEAKER_08]: It takes time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, exactly.
[SPEAKER_08]: Once you kind of figure all that stuff out, it actually feels really good.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a really fun class to play, so I'm really enjoying it.
[SPEAKER_08]: So there's that.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then some other stuff I talk about.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then some new games!
[SPEAKER_08]: I played Donkey Kong Bonanza.
[SPEAKER_08]: I played this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: I did end up buying it a little bit on a whim.
[SPEAKER_08]: I did a stream of it on Twitch the night it came out.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I put the archive up on YouTube, if anybody cares.
[SPEAKER_08]: If you want to see the first two hours of the game with me commenting on it over on my YouTube channel, Rob Roberts Plays.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I'm actually really enjoying it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It is a lot like Mario Odyssey, but also very different, which I know is a horrible explanation.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_08]: and that is Minecraft without the crafting so it's half Mario Odyssey and half mine because you're like breaking bricks trying to dig to find the secret passages to find things and of course you know you can you can do unlimited bashing of bricks but
[SPEAKER_08]: There is concrete and other things you can't bash through, or you might have to get a power-up to bash through it that makes it a little bit harder.
[SPEAKER_08]: So there is some borders on what you can destroy, but the level design is really good.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was playing the first...
[SPEAKER_08]: Open Area Level.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's like a whole tutorial level and then there's like an open area level and there was a whole thing where like, oh, as you go through it, the water gets higher and higher and you kind of figure things out as far as navigating to different stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: And figuring things out is part of the fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I guess there's sort of that
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, that's it for my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_08]: So we will get into some gaming news.
[SPEAKER_08]: I do want to mention just a brief bit of housekeeping.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's going to be two shows I'm going to be missing in August, and that's just because of some prior commitments.
[SPEAKER_08]: We will not be here the night of August 17th.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will be out of town.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to be in, I think it's the 17th.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: and then I will not be here DragonCon week which is going to be Sunday the 31st of August I will not be here yeah it's the 17th of the 31st so just a heads up there'll be a couple shows that uh we will not have in August because of that so um but if you are in the Atlanta area or
[SPEAKER_08]: Heaven forbid, DragonCon is so huge.
[SPEAKER_08]: I would say generally the Southeast and even people like me.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not the only one that travels all the way from California because I tell you when I get on that flight that goes out to Atlanta, there's always at least a dozen other DragonCon people on that flight.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I always know who they are because they're bringing in the big fucking carry-ons with all their cosplay.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know there's people that travel all over for DragonCon.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will be back on August 31st.
[SPEAKER_08]: I do not know what panels I will be doing yet.
[SPEAKER_08]: The only thing I can guarantee as far as panels go, and I would say this would be your best chance to meet me, is that Thursday night, the Digital Media Track will be hosting a content creator mixer.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you don't have to be a content creator to show up.
[SPEAKER_08]: and I also know Thursday night even though technically the con has started by then it's also the night before things get really crazy so if you are going to DragonCon you know just make a mental note Thursday night swing on by the content creator mixer it's going to be in the basement of the Hilton in the same room that Digital Media Track's been in for years we'd love to say hi and yeah and mix if you are a content creator you should absolutely come mix a little bit so it'll be fun
[SPEAKER_08]: I have a little announcement too.
[SPEAKER_08]: Do ya, do ya?
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, what's up?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, I'm doing a marathon on August 9th and I will also be more than happy to host a Q&A that first Sunday that you're gone.
[SPEAKER_03]: Fun!
[SPEAKER_03]: So, show a little bit of some of the stuff I'm working on behind the scenes for Orange Lounge.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alrighty, fun fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: But, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, let's move on and get into some gaming headlines.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki, you want to start us off?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, well...
[SPEAKER_07]: Apparently, Microsoft has been known to reward studios that have done well with layoffs.
[SPEAKER_07]: But in this case, it's not like some of the other games in the past, but this is more because of this studio's function.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Virtuos is a team that they do support work on a lot of games that come out.
[SPEAKER_07]: So like they've worked on the Elder Scrolls 4 Oblivion Remaster, Metal Gear Solid, Delta, Snake Eater, that type of stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're apparently cutting 300 people as of now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess now it basically they had 4,200 employees across multiple countries and apparently these cuts are impacting roles mostly in Asia and in Europe and this is because they don't have partner companies to work with or at least as many partner companies to work with as a co-developer in those countries
[SPEAKER_07]: but that still sucks though layoffs as a whole kind of suck but at least this sort of makes sense it's not just like we're doing it because of profits or something like that but yeah that's unfortunate especially since they've worked on a lot of games and even recently with the cyberpunks the brand new patch for that the update that you know improved a ton of things that they added to that game that is of course also the same company
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, it's unfortunate that they're kind of getting cut at this point.
[SPEAKER_08]: That is super ridiculous, you know, when they're doing so well.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I guess I am hearing in that, correct me if I'm wrong, that basically they don't have other products to work on.
[SPEAKER_08]: So if they don't have those other agreements with... In those areas, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: So maybe they'll rehire in other areas.
[SPEAKER_07]: But like, I can't help but think like...
[SPEAKER_07]: Some of these games that are coming out of Microsoft and other studios, man, they could use some co-developers on some of these things.
[SPEAKER_08]: Right, here we go, back to that large conglomerate thing that doesn't seem to know how to work with itself.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, it's just wild.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I mean, at least this isn't exactly like Hi-Fi Rush or whatever, where they just straight up, oh, we're gonna shut you down after your successful game, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, well, yeah, I just... I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's...
[SPEAKER_08]: It is hard to stay a fan of an industry that treats its workers so terribly.
[SPEAKER_07]: Honestly, like, yeah, the whole, like, Microsoft acquisition thing, like, went from, like, woohoo, Bobby Kotick's out to, oh, they suck.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, and I hate to say it, but I still believe the alternative was worse.
[SPEAKER_01]: True.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know that sounds terrible.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: It seems very mismanaged right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can look at it and go, these are two bad things.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bobby Kotick being at the head of all these layoffs would have been a worse thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, Bobby Kotick would have still done the layoffs.
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_07]: And he did.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just...
[SPEAKER_07]: It sucks that this isn't a better environment, it feels like.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just that there's still just as many layoffs, despite making the assertions that they're not going to do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, I don't even know how to follow that up.
[SPEAKER_08]: So let's talk about what indies can do that's fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I completely recognize that the answer is not always, well, go form an indie studio.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, that takes investment and time.
[SPEAKER_08]: And yes, but I can always look to the indie scene to set the trends and lean into certain trends.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know how many of y'all saw this going on this weekend, but there was this whole viral moment that involved a Coldplay concert.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I'm sure those two words made y'all go, oh, I saw that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So we saw the CEO of a very large AI company, right, who got on the Kiss Cam, which is, you know, the Jumbotron.
[SPEAKER_08]: And this is during concert.
[SPEAKER_08]: He was shown canoodling with, I guess she was the VP of Human Resources or something high up.
[SPEAKER_08]: both of this company and they were both married to other people by the way so it's caused this whole rift and it's it's interesting because if she hadn't overreacted the clip probably would have never went viral in the first place people probably would have recognized them and there probably still would have been an issue but um it probably wouldn't be on TikTok you know viewed 11 billion times in all these different countries so obviously or you know if they hadn't done it in the first place
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: Um, so we want to take a moment to feature some of you in the audience.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, uh, if you want to take a moment to do your makeup, now's a good time, or you might want to, uh, turn away for a minute, you know, type of thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like they, they very obviously gave a warning.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: No making out.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, and here's the thing, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sure that those two that got caught feel some sort of way about breaking up at a Coldplay concert.
[SPEAKER_08]: But did you know I once had a relationship end at a Natasha Bedingfield concert?
[SPEAKER_08]: True story.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was my ex...
[SPEAKER_08]: Before Alan, so it was a long time ago because I've been with Alan for 15 years.
[SPEAKER_08]: But that was my ex before Alan.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll have to tell this story on TikTok or something, make it longer sometime.
[SPEAKER_08]: But long story short, there was a part where Natasha Bedingfield, who of course was like – had a few songs in the early aughts of –
[SPEAKER_08]: I got a pocket full of sunshine.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was her.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think the rest is still unwritten.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was her too.
[SPEAKER_08]: So she had a song.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't remember the name of the song, but she basically goes, where are all the single people at?
[SPEAKER_08]: And my ex jumped up and started cheering.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that's when he became my... Because we had been fighting the whole way to the concert.
[SPEAKER_08]: And so he decided he was going to stick it to me by doing that.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I said, well, fine.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's over then.
[SPEAKER_08]: But that's when... That is also the night.
[SPEAKER_08]: So it was me, him...
[SPEAKER_08]: and it was Arya Snark or Lady Victoria from Shaking and Crying and our other friend who I, because what ended up happening that night is we split off and I went out with Victoria at the State Fair.
[SPEAKER_08]: I had a great time.
[SPEAKER_08]: I had a great time with Victoria and that's the night we became besties and we're still, you know, that was the best thing I got out of that divorce was Victoria.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: But to this day, I feel so bad for the other girl in this situation who had to go off with my ex and probably had to listen to all his sniveling crying.
[SPEAKER_08]: So my agreement is if she ever does decide to have a child, I will agree since she had to babysit a rottling, sniffling baby at some point, for me, I will babysit a sniffling baby for her when she needs it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Coldplay Canoodlers
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: Really a game, it's more of a moment But anyway, that is what was made And at least I appreciate that they're being upfront about the AI So at least you make your own decision if it's for you or not I don't think it's anything being sold or anything It's just something that you go out there and just Where is this game if you want to actually Because he said I made a game And then it's on social media But I didn't actually see a link to actually get the game
[SPEAKER_08]: But then I don't see if the game is actually for sale somewhere.
[SPEAKER_08]: But that's okay because I wouldn't buy anything.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, this is funny.
[SPEAKER_08]: He does have a little post that shows it's all over TikTok.
[SPEAKER_08]: So isn't that ironic?
[SPEAKER_08]: Isn't that ironic?
[SPEAKER_08]: You used AI and he's not complaining about it.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I'm not saying this to bash this guy who used AI or whatever to bring an idea to life, whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: It is all over TikTok.
[SPEAKER_08]: So isn't that ironic that your piece of art got stolen and turned into other pieces of art all over TikTok?
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like rain on your wedding day.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's literally a free ride when you already paid.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a good advice that you just didn't take.
[SPEAKER_08]: Who would have thought?
[SPEAKER_08]: It figures.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, that's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I guess it's open to offers.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, who cares?
[SPEAKER_08]: Who cares?
[SPEAKER_08]: Nobody's going to buy this game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, moving on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why buy the cow when you can have the sex for free?
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a moment.
Not bad!
[SPEAKER_08]: No!
[SPEAKER_03]: No!
[SPEAKER_03]: You buy a cow and become lactose intolerant.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bad analogy, Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bad.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bad, bad, bad.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's from Mallrats.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, yeah, that's right.
[SPEAKER_08]: You were just quoting a... That's right, you were just quoting a... Where were we?
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, yeah, DarkSakura, you were next.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, there's a thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's an Italian YouTuber who takes retro gaming consoles, just like Android-based ones, different systems like that, that may or may not be able to have...
[SPEAKER_03]: Rom's and things of games or may come with them preloaded but on April 15th his home got raided and they confiscated the police raided his place and took 30 consoles and
[SPEAKER_03]: and now he may be facing jail time.
[SPEAKER_03]: He's got some legal fees.
[SPEAKER_03]: The raid was done by the Guardia di Finanza which is a militarized Italian police force for economical and financial crimes.
[SPEAKER_03]: But
[SPEAKER_03]: They wouldn't exactly disclose what he had been charged with, but now he has a GoFundMe to help cover his legal fees.
[SPEAKER_03]: But apparently the Guardia de Finanza is taking, quote, precautionary measures to block all of his social media channels.
[SPEAKER_03]: So he's got a defense attorney and he thinks it's going to go to trial, but this is still some bullshit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, and to be clear, it sounds like the issue, what I'm understanding they're taking issue with is the fact that some of these handhelds had ROMs preloaded on it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And we've seen this.
[SPEAKER_08]: I have a friend that owns, well, I have a friend that owns one of these arcade sticks that he bought off Amazon.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like it's a big fighting game stick, like for two player.
[SPEAKER_08]: And it has like thousands of MAME ROMs already on it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I know that gets into a legal gray area.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I'm assuming that Italian copyright law is going really to the extreme here with this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, to be fair, like the stuff that he was reviewing, like a lot of the Amber Nick stuff, like I should know because I just bought one not that long ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: Allegedly.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can go to jail for that, Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: Allegedly.
[SPEAKER_07]: Aliexpress
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, AliExpress and Amazon, well, those folks, the sellers on there don't necessarily follow the rules.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so, yes, they will load the console with ROMs.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now...
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't think they know better or care.
[SPEAKER_07]: They don't know better, Karen.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why are you going after a user and not the actual... Like, why is this person going to jail and not the seller?
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, that doesn't make any sense.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because it's easier to go after the users.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's many there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Make an example.
[SPEAKER_08]: They're making an example.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's what it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is incredibly stupid, but basically it comes down to they're just Android devices with controllers built into them is essentially what they are.
[SPEAKER_07]: They are an Android tablet device that can...
[SPEAKER_07]: You can put whatever you want on it, but it can also run emulators and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like any other Android device.
[SPEAKER_07]: The fact that they're coming in and seizing these devices, it's not that these are perpetrating piracy or anything like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Any Android device does that.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just this is in a handheld format that makes it better to game on, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's stupid.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's an overreach, obviously.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, my favorite is that there are mall kiosks here in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_08]: that have these with all the ROMs preloaded.
[SPEAKER_08]: I even saw one in Vegas.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Go to any flea market out there and you'll see these things everywhere.
[SPEAKER_08]: For sure.
[SPEAKER_08]: Again, this is Italy.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not the U.S., but you kind of still would go, surely the malls in Italy...
[SPEAKER_08]: You would see these same sorts of things.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, I can't imagine that it would be that different that these things aren't floating around just as easily, you know?
[SPEAKER_07]: It is still technically illegal to like... I just... It's weird, though, that like... You can't... I mean, at least in the United States, as far as I'm aware, I'm not gonna...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, I know people who are still being held illegally, so...
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sure.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, like, yes, this is obviously going on.
[SPEAKER_07]: This, you know, thinking about the game console isn't necessarily, like, the biggest news.
[SPEAKER_07]: But, like, it's weird, though.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I'd be more interested, like, who made that complaint.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because, like, the police aren't just watching YouTube channels.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's somebody complaining about it.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a very good thing to bring up.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because somebody probably had a vendetta for this guy.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I will just go so far as to say it was probably, it was allegedly jealousy.
[SPEAKER_08]: and DarkSakura.com.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkKnight90 in chat says you can find them in Amazon dump bin stores I didn't even think about those types of places I think he means like here locally we have falling prices and that's cheap which is basically what he's talking about those types of places I think
[SPEAKER_07]: I think falling prices is literally a target dump store is what that is so yeah it's like don't get me wrong like these emulation devices the ones that those guys are reviewing aren't cheap it's not something you can find cheaper things that aren't as powerful they cost like about 50 bucks but like the ones he was reviewing were like several hundred dollars like these are serious you know collector devices if you're going to be using in fact there was one I saw that recently they're
[SPEAKER_07]: Talk about it, it like, it converts from something that looks like a Nintendo Switch into something that looks like a 3DS It's like really crazy, but, and that's like $600 So you can get really crazy with these emulation devices as far as how powerful they are But, it's still no, like, he shouldn't be in trouble with the law because of this Like, I guess, like, I mean, I don't know
[SPEAKER_07]: It's weird, because why prosecute this crime?
[SPEAKER_07]: Have you taken care of all the other crimes?
[SPEAKER_07]: Is this the most pressing thing that we need to be addressing right now?
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, let's move on with our next story, because this is a big deal.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yves Guillemin, we may finally get our wish.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yves Guillemin is leaving, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I don't know if he's leaving, necessarily, but apparently, since Ubisoft got their big cast influx from Tencent, they are now looking to split Ubisoft, or at least create...
[SPEAKER_07]: Run a new set of studios, Ubisoft North America Studios Which is now going to be headed by Christopher Drenas And Charlie Gamal Because, you know, nepotism all the way down But apparently, so he's going to have his son run this company And, um...
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, in fact, I guess Variety did some piece with Charlie Gamal over the appointment.
[SPEAKER_07]: It says, I completely understand where it comes from, and I want to be clear about it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, I'm his son.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's not something I hide from.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, it should be.
[SPEAKER_07]: But my appointment isn't only about family ties.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's about what Ubisoft needs at this moment.
[SPEAKER_03]: I showed my dad that I can sexual harass people just as good as anybody else there's more to this too because this is the same guy who I think it was like Owl something was the company under Ubisoft he was running were responsible for using right wing rhetoric against and Black Lives Matter imagery to paint a really nasty picture against this revolutionary group in a game that he had done I have to look it back up again
[SPEAKER_07]: he left Ubisoft in the wake of all of that and went to work with an AI company he left in 2001 to work for an AI web 3 company called Unagi and apparently he was making it's just named Eel, that's funny he was working on mobile games like Tom Clancy's Elite Squad
[SPEAKER_07]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sure it will suck there, too.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ubisoft is, like, fucked.
[SPEAKER_08]: Completely.
[SPEAKER_08]: And it was already not in a great shape, and now it's just like, oh, we're just gonna watch this shit burn.
[SPEAKER_08]: We are gonna watch it fucking burn.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because now you're bringing in a person that was at an AI... I mean, even without all the other stuff that Jamie said...
[SPEAKER_08]: Was that an AI company is now going to be leading Ubisoft?
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, that's going to make for some great decisions in that space.
[SPEAKER_08]: I can't fucking wait to see what happens to future Assassin's Creed games.
[SPEAKER_08]: This company's fucked, and I am so sorry to the ground-level staff that work hard to make the games at that company.
[SPEAKER_08]: I am so sorry to all of you for what you're inevitably going through with this.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now we could end up being completely wrong about this.
[SPEAKER_03]: I would rather not be a doomsayer, but...
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sorry, but in light of everything you just said about this guy, you think he's going to I'm not talking about the guy.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm not talking about the guy because I don't really know anything about the Montreal CEO.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'd have to look a little bit more into his background, but it's the two of them.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm hoping that the other guy, I mean, again, like I said, I don't know that much about him.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'd have to look up more, but I'm hoping that we might get a little bit more of a balancing from that guy.
[SPEAKER_03]: I won't be able to make a determination until I know more.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I mean, like, let's put it this way.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I don't have much investment in Ubisoft anyways.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I've already kind of written them off a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: Same, same.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't care.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: It does well fit for you.
[SPEAKER_03]: As long as I can keep playing my Avatar game, I'm happy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I mean, it's just like, whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I don't care.
[SPEAKER_07]: Speaking of don't care, Ubisoft, they also were addressing this whole stop killing games thing after, you know, of course it made the number of signatures that needs to get, you know, viewed.
[SPEAKER_07]: And of course, you know, Ysgamont is there with his wonderful bit of...
[SPEAKER_07]: Advice, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Basically saying, well, you know, support for all games can't last forever.
[SPEAKER_07]: Regarding the petition, we operate in a market.
[SPEAKER_07]: And whenever we release a game, we provide lots of support for the game.
[SPEAKER_07]: We also provide lots of services to make the game accessible, or make sure that it is accessible and remains playable 24-7.
[SPEAKER_07]: Information regarding the game and how long it can be played, though, you know,
[SPEAKER_07]: So they just didn't release that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, they just said they may cancel, you know, access to one or more specified online features upon a 30-day notice.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, but once again, this is like some GishGala bullshit, because they're not asking you to support the game for all time.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're asking you, when you decide that you don't want to support the game, that you provide the tools so that support can be offloaded onto somebody else.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that, like, if I want to run...
[SPEAKER_07]: Servers for X Defiant, God forbid, that I could do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I would never want to, but, you know, that we have the ability to do that is the thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: So the fact that they're making this argument is just stupid.
[SPEAKER_03]: Even if it's provided as an offline peer-to-peer or something, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: The fact that they're saying games don't last forever, that's an incorrect statement.
[SPEAKER_08]: We literally see gaming museums and Atari 2600 cartridges still work in Atari 2600 if the hardware works, but even then you have newer devices once those patents run out that are still able to run those games.
[SPEAKER_08]: Those games will last a very, very, very long time, much longer than the scope of this.
[SPEAKER_08]: So games do last forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to use forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm quoting fingers.
[SPEAKER_08]: Games last forever if you want them to.
[SPEAKER_08]: But the problem is you designed this game to not be something that lasts forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you're trying to use legalese to justify that, you know, well, we made it and we said we were going to pull the switch.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, again, I'm going to go back to basically the same argument I made a few weeks ago.
[SPEAKER_08]: There needs to be – if they are going to make us the consumer –
[SPEAKER_08]: Accept these end user license agreements with no pushback or nothing, then it is time for us to hold the company to a consumer license agreement, which is you are going to support these games for at least X number of days or something along the lines of when you inevitably have to close these games, you need to release certain things to the public.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, it's too hard to run a server for this game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why don't you let us decide that?
[SPEAKER_08]: Because, you know, the modders, the crackers, the people that do all these things to the games,
[SPEAKER_08]: They find ways to run these servers.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was literally playing Phantasy Star Online for GameCube this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: The support for that game got pulled a long time ago, but because Sega was pretty open about, you know what?
[SPEAKER_08]: We pulled the plug on this, but here's if you want to do your own thing, here you go.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's still support for that game all these years later.
[SPEAKER_08]: So don't tell me it can't be done because it's being done.
[SPEAKER_08]: You don't want to put the resources in it because you'd rather lay them off.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, pretty much.
[SPEAKER_07]: But there is some support, though, at least from the government.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm going to try to pronounce this name.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is very... It's Romanian.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's try this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nicolai...
[SPEAKER_07]: and Stefan... Stefan... I don't know how to pronounce his name.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyways, Vice President of the Parliament.
[SPEAKER_07]: And basically he says, you know, that he's pledging his full support.
[SPEAKER_07]: And he says, I've voiced support for Stop Killing Games and signed the petition himself and is urging other Europeans to do so as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: And will also...
[SPEAKER_07]: I stand with the people who started this citizen initiative.
[SPEAKER_07]: I signed and will continue to help them.
[SPEAKER_07]: A game once sold belongs to the customer, not the company.
[SPEAKER_07]: Great.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'd love to see that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Stefaniota?
[SPEAKER_08]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's nice to see gamers, because you said he himself signed this petition, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's nice to see gamers like that actually in public office.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know why?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's because these politicians, they're not the age of dirt and ash, okay?
[SPEAKER_07]: They are young people that actually understand everything around them and are just dementia-ridden people.
[SPEAKER_07]: Idiots that just follow Fox News.
[SPEAKER_08]: They are not – like the politicians are not superheroes.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean we can look up to – like I think Barack Obama in particular was an incredible orator and speech giver.
[SPEAKER_08]: He had a very, very good talent for that.
[SPEAKER_08]: But for the most part, most people that are in public office, there is nothing special about them.
[SPEAKER_08]: You, the listener, you, the person listening to this program right now could run for public office.
[SPEAKER_08]: I just told you a story a minute ago about breaking up with my ex.
[SPEAKER_08]: Did you know my ex was a politician?
[SPEAKER_08]: And so, believe you me, if there's one thing I learned from that relationship, it is any fucking idiot can run for office.
[SPEAKER_08]: And if the presidency of this country right now doesn't fucking highlight that for you, I don't know what will.
[SPEAKER_08]: So if you want to affect change and run for office, you sure fucking can.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I think that's how we need to get more of those, you know, voices out there that understand this shit and everything that Loki said, getting the, you know, geriatricary out of there.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um...
[SPEAKER_08]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want to read some of these comments in chat about the Stop Killing Games thing too.
[SPEAKER_08]: QuestBuster says, Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines came out in 2004 and fans still support it with unofficial patches that have actually added content.
[SPEAKER_08]: QuestBuster also pointing out City of Heroes.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was an infamous one.
[SPEAKER_08]: Resurrected on player-run servers and NCSoft gave the blessing.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkTutsia pointing out old Dreamcast games are online as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: 100%.
[SPEAKER_03]: How about all the Ragnarok online servers that still exist?
[SPEAKER_08]: So like...
[SPEAKER_08]: Again, they can go on if you want them to.
[SPEAKER_08]: Right, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: So Ubisoft needs to stop gaslighting all of us that it's not possible.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, the reason why they don't want that stuff to go on is, I mean, one, it is an extra cost for them.
[SPEAKER_07]: They have to develop it with this in mind that it can be decoupled from the internet.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, and I can't do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So there's that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then the second thing is, oh no, if like the Crew 1 gets fan support and is maintained, then I guess I don't need to buy the Crew 2 or the Crew Motor Fest or whatever other Crew games are coming out because guess what?
[SPEAKER_07]: This one is being updated.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're worried that that type of stuff is going to eat into their profits.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I mean, that's what you would think if you were coming to...
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what you would think if you were a company that developed products that aren't worth buying if another product that already is in that franchise exists.
[SPEAKER_07]: That doesn't say much about the product that you're putting out that you feel if someone was to maintain the old one that that would be just fine that we're not adding enough to this brand new one to justify a purchase for you other than, hey, you can't play the old one now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's just stupid.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want to talk a little bit about, you know, again, we have a story about, you know, job loss and layoffs being attributed to bosses high up on the chain thinking they can use AI to replace everything.
[SPEAKER_08]: And this has to do with King, who, of course, is part of Activision Blizzard, now Microsoft, who made the game Candy Crush.
[SPEAKER_08]: Some impacted staff...
[SPEAKER_08]: Speaking up a little bit, starting to squeak to the press on what's going on.
[SPEAKER_08]: So some reporting out there is indicating that morale is at an all-time low because AI that they have been training is being used to replace them.
[SPEAKER_08]: So in an interview with MobileGamer.biz, an obviously unnamed King staffer said, Most of level design has been wiped.
[SPEAKER_08]: which is crazy since they've spent months building tools to craft levels quicker now those AI tools are basically replacing the teams similarly the copywriting team is completely removing people since we now have AI tools that those individuals have been creating
[SPEAKER_08]: and now folks are saying that morale is now in the gutter not in a good place with that and I'm sure many of you that are using or that are playing Candy Crush probably giving some of this some consideration when you're hearing about this that basically the levels are likely being large part created by AI at this point which is that's unfortunate so
[SPEAKER_08]: I knew it was just a matter of time before people start squeaking about what's going on at these companies.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now just think, maybe you could have trained those people to do something different.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh well, what do I know?
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_03]: So how about some Nintendo stuff?
[SPEAKER_03]: How's that sound?
[SPEAKER_03]: Much better?
[SPEAKER_03]: We do like Nintendo most of the time.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, there is a second secret Switch Online playtest.
[SPEAKER_03]: Apparently, there's going to be... It's top secret and it's related to a service for Nintendo Switch Online.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's room for 40,000 applicants with it taking place from July 28th to August 10th.
[SPEAKER_03]: Apparently, they're expecting to go really quickly.
[SPEAKER_03]: And...
[SPEAKER_03]: but um from leaks from the last one that it looked like a Minecraft-ish MMO of course you know even with NDAs people talk about it right away of course they do um and of course Nintendo had a field day taking down all of the screenshots and stuff that they could find but um but yeah so you have to have uh an active top tier Nintendo Switch Online plus expansion pack subscription um
[SPEAKER_03]: As of July 17th, be over 18 and be in Japan, US, UK, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Canada, Brazil, or Mexico.
[SPEAKER_03]: Open to both Switch and Switch 2 users.
[SPEAKER_03]: And you can fill it off in a form.
[SPEAKER_03]: And you just have it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Actually, it needed to have already been turned in.
[SPEAKER_03]: It closed two days ago.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, I wonder if anybody we know will get in that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let us know.
[SPEAKER_03]: But don't tell us anything.
[SPEAKER_03]: Don't break the NDA.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, tell us everything.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll keep it a secret.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm covering everybody's butts.
[SPEAKER_08]: But in all seriousness, to what we were saying earlier about trying to enhance some of these online subscriptions and so forth,
[SPEAKER_08]: If Nintendo is working on some sort of massively multiplayer thing, whatever this turns out to be, you know, whether it's just all rumor or what, it certainly does make me think like, huh, if they're to add, this would be like Microsoft Game Pass, including a World of Warcraft subscription, which it really should at this point.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I digress.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if Nintendo cooks up some sort of like must play online thing that is included with a Nintendo Switch online, it's going to make that look a lot better because I think right now a lot of people kind of resent that subscription because what do you get with it?
[SPEAKER_08]: Some classic games and like, oh, you have to have it to play Mario Kart online.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think some other things to sort of sweeten the deal a little bit.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it would be very welcome
[SPEAKER_08]: That... It's a big part of... The perception is the truth.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that is included when it comes to advertising.
[SPEAKER_08]: What the perception is is going to be your truth.
[SPEAKER_08]: And maybe Nintendo did not create the best perception around that game no matter how good it is.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that's why people are saying they should have just thrown it in for free.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just something to chew on.
[SPEAKER_08]: So... Alright.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyhow...
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki, do you want to tell us about the latest in Subnautica world?
[SPEAKER_08]: And if that game is ever going to come out, quite frankly, at this point?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're in a lawsuit, obviously.
[SPEAKER_07]: We heard about that last week, that the pseudo-co-founders have filed a lawsuit against Krafton.
[SPEAKER_07]: Apparently, of course, they tried to sabotage the early access release of the game, avoiding to have to pay the $250 million bonus.
[SPEAKER_07]: in the name of its bottom line.
[SPEAKER_07]: But they basically, it's according to the co-founders, they've thrown its promises out the window and ripped the game from the hands of its creators in the community.
[SPEAKER_07]: More stuff about the lawsuit came out though, and they basically are talking about, kind of going into more details about that, how it says that they alleged that ramping up efforts by Krafton to delay Subnautica 2's land 2025 release in order to avoid triggering its provision from the October 2021 sale that would lead to a $250 million bonus payout if certain sales goals were met through early 2026.
[SPEAKER_07]: During the first week of April 2025, Underworld's publishing colleagues in Krafton basically traveled to Korea to finalize marketing and advertising strategies for Subnautica 2's launch.
[SPEAKER_07]: Upon their return, the team said that the leadership was not focused on a successful launch, but instead how it could convince Underworld to delay their game.
[SPEAKER_07]: and then basically there's some conclusions of the lawsuit and then Krafton did make a response to it as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: It says in short, Krafton flagrantly breached both the letter and spirit of the contract, promised the very core agreement to purchase Unknown Worlds.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was promised to leave creative and operational control in the hands of the founders.
[SPEAKER_07]: Promise is broken.
[SPEAKER_07]: It promised to consult with the founders before taking any action.
[SPEAKER_07]: that could harm the earnout.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then their response, of course, was, you know, Krafton's decisions were to ensure that Subnautica 2 is the best possible game and lives up to its expectations, releasing the game prematurely with insufficient content, falling short of what the fans expected in a sequel.
[SPEAKER_07]: So what they're complaining or making the argument with is that, well, the game wasn't up to snuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're not going to know how it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: But then again, also at the same time, I get that, but also the AAA games come out unfinished as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I don't know if that's necessarily the argument that you think it is nowadays.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is while we're disappointed that Charlie, Max, and Ted have filed a lawsuit seeking a huge payout, we look forward to defending ourselves in court.
[SPEAKER_07]: In the meantime, Crafted remains focused on what matters, delivering the best possible game as quickly as possible to Subnautica fans.
[SPEAKER_07]: Somehow I don't believe them, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll see how it plays out.
[SPEAKER_08]: I can barely follow all this shit anymore, what's going on, to be quite honest.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I just kind of sit here going, is it going to happen or not?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's basically the two sides.
[SPEAKER_07]: One side's saying that, oh, well, they're only asking to delay the game because they don't want to pay us $250 million.
[SPEAKER_07]: And the other company's like, no, no, no, we're saying it because your game isn't good enough to be released in October.
[SPEAKER_07]: Put out a demo.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's interesting because I wonder if they won't run it with some test crowds and stuff to sort of gauge, you know, and try to try to have something that makes a little bit more of a definitive decision.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're going to have to put out that evidence or if it's in a court case, they're going to have to present it somehow.
[SPEAKER_08]: Starfield
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, a lot of EA stuff, quite frankly.
[SPEAKER_08]: And Mass Effect Andromeda, I include in that.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, if it had just been six more months, I don't think it would have gotten half the shit it got.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was a fine game.
[SPEAKER_08]: I still don't think it was that bad.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, at its core, it was a fine game.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I even think Anthem, to some extent, suffered from a similar sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, I think there's a lot of games that just they're rushed to pressure to put out by a certain day and they're not ready to go.
[SPEAKER_08]: Starfield, NotQuiteReady
[SPEAKER_03]: and like as you start off with the game like just being kind of garbage like half half you know ready missing pixels missing things but as you progress through the game you find the things that are missing and implement them and then you start over and you get to that point find more stuff loop around start over
[SPEAKER_03]: until you have the full game and the name like shifts a little bit every time so like so not ready to getting better to kind of not ready to I need five more minutes you know
[SPEAKER_08]: Interesting, so sort of like a game that's meta, because I feel like it's sort of at its core you're defining a Metroidvania a bit, where you're finding items to progress to different parts of the game, but you're talking about something that's a little bit more like a literal sort of loop, where you actually get...
[SPEAKER_08]: Alan just dropped a present.
[SPEAKER_08]: He dropped me just a handful because I can have very many of little nerd gummy clusters because we all know these things are crack, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't like them.
[SPEAKER_08]: But anyway, but something where it's like very meta where it's like the game and the character and the actual rules itself are what is kind of changing every time you restart.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't want it to be an idle game.
[SPEAKER_03]: It needs to be an active game because it needs to be frustrating at the beginning.
[SPEAKER_03]: You go to like, you know that what you need is on the other side of this door
[SPEAKER_03]: But you get the door and the door mechanics aren't programmed in.
[SPEAKER_03]: and so you have to find like a glitch wall to get through to get to that item and then once you have the item then you restart and you have to adventure a little bit further and now the door works and there's a completely different item there or another door on the other side of that door and then you progress through more of the game so it I want it to be an active adventure game all right Jamie we need a storyboard and a pitch let's go I need a programmer dad
[SPEAKER_08]: Do you think we could get Ubisoft to publish it?
[SPEAKER_08]: Fuck that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_03]: I like that AJ twist.
[SPEAKER_03]: You find a gear item and it says you found the menu.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: My thought would be the menu's there, but if you try to use the sort option, it deletes items or something.
[SPEAKER_03]: So the programming of it is all wrong.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have found this piece of code that actually fixes this.
[SPEAKER_03]: You found patch A.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, something like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Storyboard and a pitch.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh my god, Nat.
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: SSJ100Mask says now pretend this game was a car and make it a buggy game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, a buggy game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Moving on.
[SPEAKER_07]: We did that.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was our game jam.
[SPEAKER_07]: Was a buggy game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I'm sorry, I was thinking of Time to Car.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Time to price our games appropriately.
[SPEAKER_08]: Square Enix was talking about Dragon Quest 1 and 2 HD 2D Remake, which of course is coming out very soon.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think that's out October 30th.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_08]: So they're being very clear on that.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if you actually see the little slide out there on this, you cannot actually upgrade it.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's an FAQ that's on the Japanese site for the series is where this actually is.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can play the Switch 1 version on the Switch 2, of course, because the Switch 2 does play that backwards compatible.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if you want a Switch 2 version that meets the Switch 2 specs, you have to buy that version because it is separate from Switch 1.
[SPEAKER_08]: Of course it is.
[SPEAKER_08]: if people had the confidence oh I haven't invested in a Switch 2 yet but if I pick this up on Switch I'll be able to upgrade it later if people had that confidence like they could have with Nintendo games or certain other games that are out there if they could have that confidence they're probably more likely to buy them early they're not going to do it with this game if you're on the Switch so I'm not sure what they think they're going to get out of it but alright at least they're being transparent about it
[SPEAKER_08]: I reckon.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's take a trip down memory lane at a time where we didn't have to worry about upgrades and all that good stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: Roll the bumper.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm ready to just get to the next segment.
[SPEAKER_02]: and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_08]: And such a good game you picked this week, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know this one very well.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I love this game.
[SPEAKER_08]: You do?
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't really like it that much, but a lot of people were playing it and I did play it, so I brought it up.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, what is it?
[SPEAKER_03]: Satan's Hollow.
[SPEAKER_03]: Who doesn't like a game that says Satan?
[SPEAKER_03]: It is a game by Bally Midway that came out in 1982.
[SPEAKER_03]: It is a fixed shooter.
[SPEAKER_03]: It uses like a flight controller type joystick that has a trigger, same way as Tron actually, and it came out the same year that Tron did.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm almost positive it's the same hardware.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: But anyway, you have to shoot demons that are attacking while there is an attempt to build a bridge to the next screen.
[SPEAKER_03]: And you have to fight a fire-breathing devil head.
[SPEAKER_03]: And there are definitely ports of this.
[SPEAKER_03]: We will get to that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Actually, there was port of it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Other ports planned, but port.
[SPEAKER_03]: Guess what it was for, Rob?
[SPEAKER_08]: That Commodore 64?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah!
[SPEAKER_03]: You got it!
[SPEAKER_08]: You knew King of Fighters!
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm so smart.
[SPEAKER_03]: For the record, it was the Midway MCR2 system.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, they are a formation of gargoyles and you have to pick up the pieces of a bridge that has to be built over a river of lava.
[SPEAKER_03]: And once the bridge is completed, then you can go face Satan.
[SPEAKER_03]: Then you have to kill him and then you get more points and then you gotta fight more gargoyles and build an even longer bridge and fight Satan again.
[SPEAKER_03]: and then it gets dark and you have trouble seeing the enemies and then it gets light again but they throw exploding eggs I can only imagine what that would be like in real life if the rocks destroy parts of the bridge for those watching on Twitch we just killed Satan time and space is saved
[SPEAKER_03]: Tilt gave it a 4 out of 6 stars in 1983.
[SPEAKER_03]: So yes, there was a Commodore 64 port.
[SPEAKER_03]: There was an Atari 8-bit computer and Atari 5200 versions that were completed and advertised by CVS Software, but they were never released.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now that I know there's a 5200 prototype about this, I kind of have to have it to go with my other 5200 prototypes.
[SPEAKER_03]: We've got the Tempest prototype.
[SPEAKER_03]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: But anyway, it was included in the Midway Arcade Treasures collection.
[SPEAKER_03]: It came out in 2003 for PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Xbox.
[SPEAKER_03]: And also in 2004 for Windows.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that's where I found this game, by the way, was that collection.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was how I learned about this game, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was also included in the Midway Arcade Origins collection that came out in 2012 for PS3 and Xbox 360.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that's the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: I wonder, could it be Satan?
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you, Church Lady.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, there it is.
[SPEAKER_08]: Your classic game of the week, Satan's Hollow.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: What did I get?
[SPEAKER_03]: Did I speedrun that well enough, or did I just slow walk it again?
[SPEAKER_08]: I just noticed how the pit of fire gets bigger and bigger with each stage.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess I forgot that was... I must not have been very good at this game, which honestly wouldn't surprise me.
[SPEAKER_03]: So... What?
[SPEAKER_03]: What?
[SPEAKER_03]: The floor is lava.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ow.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you very much for your inspiration.
[SPEAKER_08]: Jesus Christ, what?
[SPEAKER_08]: The power of Satan compels you.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, that's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's a completely different power that compels me.
[SPEAKER_08]: Rapid fire news.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's talk about some news quicker than, I don't know, I can tank the show with another transition.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: Except you will have to turn on your volume switch, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Movie announcements.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to talk about... I mimed it first.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just wanted to show you the cinema.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyways, so we have movie announcements regarding some updates on the Zelda movie and also a potential Donkey Kong movie.
[SPEAKER_07]: So the Zelda movie, it was made announcement by Miyamoto.
[SPEAKER_07]: They had they have the two lead roles already figured out.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Link is not Timothy Chalamet.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is not Timothy Chalamet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Never was going to be portrayed by Benjamin Evan Ainsworth, who was in Pinocchio.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Bo Bo Bragason is going to be Princess Zelda.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know who they are, but that sounds cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: I like unknowns.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not household names.
[SPEAKER_08]: How about little known?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, it's just, that's always the direction this was going to go in because Timothee Chalamet is too old.
[SPEAKER_08]: These characters are supposed to be, what, 21 tops?
[SPEAKER_08]: So, you know, they were always going to be young, you know, young folks.
[SPEAKER_03]: In Breath of the Wild, Zelda literally turned, what, 17?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Jack Black is getting...
[SPEAKER_08]: sure Jack Black as Ganon or maybe like an Impa as a very well-known you know uh actress or something we have Chris Pratt there's there's a lot of other as Toad there's a lot of support yeah and some folks in chats think that maybe Ganon would be the known actor potentially so why did I say Toad I meant as as
[SPEAKER_08]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_08]: Old man number two.
[SPEAKER_08]: Danny DeVito.
[SPEAKER_08]: God, I hope so.
[SPEAKER_08]: AJ Twist in chat says, every Zelda game is a different link, so if there are more Zelda movies, could there be a different actor?
[SPEAKER_08]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_08]: James Bond?
[SPEAKER_08]: We've had, what, five James Bonds?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, but they acknowledge it as a different person just using the codename.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, perfect.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's the same thing for Link then.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I also think we're getting a little bit ahead of ourselves.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's continue to focus on, please let this movie be good.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I don't understand the reactions that people are having to these casting decisions.
[SPEAKER_08]: They were always going to cast young, unknown people.
[SPEAKER_08]: If you thought differently...
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess you don't pay attention to a lot of these sorts of casting things that happen.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is very, very common because these young folks are probably signed on.
[SPEAKER_08]: As much as I like the idea that AJ Twist proposed, I would bet these young actors are signed on for three movies with this.
[SPEAKER_08]: So we'll see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyways.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then, Donkey Kong.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have word, of course, that there's going to be a Donkey Kong movie.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nintendo and Universal have registered a copyright for the project.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just a project name right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Untitled Donkey Kong Project Motion Picture.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, maybe in 2028?
[SPEAKER_08]: With the groundwork they laid down in the movie, the Mario movie, are we surprised?
[SPEAKER_08]: And also, like,
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, the groundwork of the movie, the new land.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I think it's not surprising.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, not surprising at all.
[SPEAKER_08]: So Tiger Class says, I'm curious on who they'd cast for the DK movie.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, I would assume they're going to keep the principles like they were in the main movie if the contract was signed that way.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Who would they cast to voice King K. Rool?
[SPEAKER_08]: Danny DeVito.
[SPEAKER_08]: is going to be my answer in perpetuity until he actually does it in a movie.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think he's dead, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_03]: Isn't he?
[SPEAKER_03]: Then they use the AI version of him.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, we hate that.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know why I said Gilbert Gottfried.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just think it was funny.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Moving on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, Jamie, you have a fast story for us.
[SPEAKER_03]: I do?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, Paprium.
[SPEAKER_03]: The game that everyone loves to be pissed off about.
[SPEAKER_03]: It actually is soon going to be playable on original hardware using an EverDrive.
[SPEAKER_03]: In fact, there is video from Crix, I guess that's how it's pronounced, showing it running through an EverDrive on a Genesis.
[SPEAKER_03]: It looks like that... Hold on, I should have a little bit more about what this is.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um...
[SPEAKER_03]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_03]: A custom Genesis plus GX core for RetroArch has been developed, and it will allow people to play that.
[SPEAKER_03]: So right now, it only works via emulation and can't be played on the original hardware, but they are working it out.
[SPEAKER_03]: And there's video of it actually loading and starting to work, so I think that they're going to be able to get this done.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean...
[SPEAKER_03]: Honestly, stick it to Watermelon.
[SPEAKER_03]: They took people's money out of two crowdfunding campaigns for Paprium and still didn't deliver.
[SPEAKER_03]: Not really.
[SPEAKER_03]: And the game itself is just... There's even a Kickstarter.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sorry, a campaign going around to secure the money to refund the Paprium Kickstarter.
[SPEAKER_03]: They have a class action actually in the works as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alright, well I am very excited Which I really just want to play this game because it looks cool Well, you know I have a version of it I was going to say archive.org I already have my version
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, I know you already have a version of this too, DarkSakura, but I'm still excited about this news, and that is that we're going to have a new table coming to Pinball FX, and it's Pimbot!
[SPEAKER_08]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh yeah, I played that too.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not to be confused with the NES port, this is a legitimate... You know the Pinball FX games, they try to create as accurate a representation of the original consoles, although there are smoke effects, so they're obviously doing some...
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, some different things with this, but it's looking to be a faithful, somewhat recreation of the original Pinball table that is coming out in the Williams Pinball Volume 9.
[SPEAKER_08]: I can't believe there's that many of them, but there are that's coming out for Pinball FX.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that is coming out.
[SPEAKER_08]: Did you know there's 120 tables in Pinball FX at this point?
[SPEAKER_08]: I keep losing track because they reboot this series and all of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: But yeah, they've added shit like Pinball Dancing with the Bride of Pinball, but sure.
[SPEAKER_08]: uh it seems like a lot of that is just kind of that would be nice I would be curious if they would do things like the the color um dot matrix mod and the color you know some of the other like things people don't know the color dmd and all of the sound which you know what I would love is if they did Bride of Pinbot if they did Bride of Pinbot 2.0 even though it's a fan thing
[SPEAKER_03]: I just think that would be fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: And Bobby does say, if you don't like the additional animations, you just flip them off.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a toggle.
[SPEAKER_08]: Which the original NES version of Pinbot did not have, which was very controversial because aliens did not swallow your balls whole on the original table.
[SPEAKER_03]: Some people would like for aliens to swallow their balls whole, though, Rob.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Unfortunate that that's been missed.
[SPEAKER_03]: For the record, this is an 18 plus podcast, so...
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates while I just sit here and hope the aliens abduct me this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: What can we look forward to playing, Loki?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, we have a few things coming out this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: So starting off, Blaze Boot Entropy Effect on iOS and Android.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ludo on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Monument Valley 3 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wildgate on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series WheelWorld on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series WWE 2K25 on Nintendo Switch 2 We've got Azure Striker Gunvolt Trilogy Enhanced on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 5
[SPEAKER_07]: Ed and Etta Grand Prix Racing Champions on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: We've got Endzone 2 coming out of Early Access on PC.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Great Villainous Strategy of Lily on PC.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hollow Live Garogaro Mountain on PC and Mac.
[SPEAKER_07]: Killing Floor 3 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Let's see here, we've got La Storia Della Arcana Familia Renata That's on Nintendo Switch We've got Soma on Nintendo Switch Super Mario Party Jamboree Nintendo Switch 2 Edition plus Jamboree TV
[SPEAKER_07]: On Nintendo Switch 2, party like it's the iToy era.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wu-Chang, Fallen Feathers on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Flame Keeper on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_07]: No Sleep for Kaname Date from AI, the Somnium Files.
[SPEAKER_07]: God, these like visual novel titles, man.
[SPEAKER_07]: Make them shorter, please.
[SPEAKER_07]: On PC, Nintendo Switch and Nintendo Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_07]: And last but not least, Wild Hearts S on Nintendo Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, buckle up.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have a few releases this week on the Nintendo Switch 2 over in Japan, of course.
[SPEAKER_08]: La Storia de la Arcana Familia Renato is out this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_08]: A lot of these are going to duplicate what Loki was talking about just because they come out.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like the story of the magical family?
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_08]: Super Mario Party Jamboree Memories of Fandisk Historia
[SPEAKER_08]: These are all on the 24th.
[SPEAKER_08]: Akupara Action Pack, Universe for Sale, Locomoto, Matchmaker Agency, all out this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then that same game, the No Sleep for Koname Date from AI, the Somnium Files, is also out this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_08]: Those are just the Switch 2 releases.
[SPEAKER_08]: If we go over to the Switch 1, we have very similar releases.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm just trying to see if anything different catches my eye on the Switch 1.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_03]: On the 21st, we have Kickin' Hell for PC, The King is Watching, Luto on PS5, Xbox, and Xbox Series X. On the 22nd, we also have Luto.
[SPEAKER_03]: Miscellaneous, A Tiny Veil for PC and Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: We have Monument Valley 3 for the same.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also on the 22nd for PC, Resident Blade.
[SPEAKER_03]: Adding PlayStation, Xbox to PC, we have Wildgate.
[SPEAKER_03]: On the 23rd for PC, we have Animal Shelter 2.
[SPEAKER_03]: We have Wheel World for PC, PS5, and Xboxes on the 23rd.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's also my sister's birthday.
[SPEAKER_03]: Card and Towers for PC.
[SPEAKER_03]: Eat the Rich for PC.
[SPEAKER_03]: WWE 2K25 on Switch 2.
[SPEAKER_03]: Doronko Wanko on Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: Wanko makes me think it's a game about a dog.
[SPEAKER_03]: Super Mario Party Jamboree plus Jamboree TV Switch 2 Edition on the 24th Wuchang Fallen Feathers all the same Hotel Galactic for PC Split SPLIT separated for PC on the 24th
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, goodness.
[SPEAKER_03]: Keep going.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's a bunch.
[SPEAKER_03]: Clutch Time Basketball Deck Builder for PC, The Great Villainous Strategy of Lily for PC, On the 25th, No Sleep for Kaname Date from AI, The Somnium Vials for all that again, Wild Hearts S for Switch 2, Oxide Room 208 for PC, and Pip My Dice for PC.
[SPEAKER_08]: Get a load of her.
[SPEAKER_08]: She really pips my dice.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a very strange name for a game.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, you know the little dots on dice are pips, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, of course I know that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's an interesting expression.
[SPEAKER_08]: Pip my dice.
[SPEAKER_08]: Come on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Jeez, Rob.
[SPEAKER_08]: Pip my ride and pip my dice.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, speaking of dirty minds, Loki, some of those dirty minds...
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki, read the damn story.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Steam is now... They have to tighten up some of the...
[SPEAKER_07]: They have to tighten up some of the rules regarding adult content on their platform because those wonderful payment processors, those wholesome family-friendly payment processors.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, I know whenever I'm thinking of Visa and MasterCard, I think immediately of family.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's immediately what I think about.
[SPEAKER_08]: The fact that they could be sullying... I think about the bill I ran up at the adult fun store.
[SPEAKER_07]: The fact that they could be sullying their name by funding some adult-related products, that's just...
[SPEAKER_07]: Boggles my mind.
[SPEAKER_03]: Then they shouldn't have been a sponsor of WankFest 2025.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm just going to stop supporting Visa and MasterCard.
[SPEAKER_07]: But apparently, since they are so concerned about that nonsense, they've had to alter the Steam's terms of service, saying that content that may violate the rules and standards set forth by Steam's payment processor and related card networks and banks or internet network providers, in particular certain kinds of adult-only content,
[SPEAKER_07]: They may have to, of course, remove your game or alter it or something like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I like how it doesn't really go into what exactly.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, what is it?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just specifically very vague.
[SPEAKER_08]: I lost Discord for just half a second.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that audio pause wasn't just you all listening.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just weird Internet blip.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, so they're not really saying what exactly it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: Some of the stuff is obviously adult content that isn't appropriately labeled and age-gated.
[SPEAKER_07]: Obviously, they can't distribute that.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, it doesn't really break down as what is that you can't do now that you could have done earlier.
[SPEAKER_07]: it's just certain themes whatever that the card processors think that they want to censor I guess let's give them all the control over it, sure I don't know but yeah, it's kind of
[SPEAKER_07]: it's annoying any policy that's intentionally vague so that they can switch it on a whim for whatever they need it to especially when it comes to censorship or we deal a lot of this on YouTube and stuff they're changing rules all the time without any sort of explanation I don't know if I mentioned it last week but YouTube had sent out to a bunch of creators a thing saying hey we're going to remove your advanced features on your channel
[SPEAKER_07]: Implying that you did something wrong.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now...
[SPEAKER_07]: We didn't do anything wrong.
[SPEAKER_07]: They just decided to do that because, why?
[SPEAKER_07]: They wanted a copy of your identification.
[SPEAKER_07]: And they claim, well, your channel doesn't have enough history on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like, this channel is like 10 years old.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's like tons of videos on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: What do you mean there's no history?
[SPEAKER_07]: This isn't a brand new channel.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's an excuse to get something.
[SPEAKER_07]: But the fact that they treat their customers in a way acting like, well...
[SPEAKER_07]: Clearly you did something criminal.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like, okay, well, what is it that I did?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, it's probably on this list.
[SPEAKER_07]: And if it's on this list, we may have made a mistake.
[SPEAKER_07]: But we're never going to cop to the fact that we made a mistake.
[SPEAKER_07]: You probably did something on this list.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like, well, I didn't do anything on that list.
[SPEAKER_07]: Show me where I did something.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, we can't.
[SPEAKER_07]: But here's the list.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because AI shut it down.
[SPEAKER_07]: AI found it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, right.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's what's happening to Facebook accounts.
[SPEAKER_08]: People are getting Facebook deleted.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, AI.
[SPEAKER_08]: Can I have an appeal?
[SPEAKER_08]: AI decided no.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's been happening.
[SPEAKER_03]: With certain things uploaded on TikTok, however, they've been pretty good about their review process.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because I put up something for Mass Effect and it said that it was a copyright violation.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I'm like, no, it's not.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they said, okay, it's not.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, don't hurt us.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I was going to make a joke here about things you can use your Visa or MasterCard on, and then I realized I'm not on my personal channel, I'm on the VOG Network channel, so I'm not going to show my other screen, but I will simply point out that if you go to Amazon.com, and I would advise you to do this in an incognito window, and you search for fetish table, you're going to get a table called a milking table for men that has a hole cut out
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank God I'm aced.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_08]: Artie McPhier says, I could comment on that, but not gonna.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wasn't looking for comments.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, Artie, of course you could.
[SPEAKER_08]: Of course you could.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, by the way, PodCulture says, should have been 690.
[SPEAKER_08]: We got a comedian in the house.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: With that, let's go to the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know we have emails tonight.
[SPEAKER_08]: Participate at OrangeOnTrader.com.
[SPEAKER_03]: We have exactly two.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey, that's two more than we got last week, so let's get to it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't have enough soda for this okay um anyway one clearly comes from before California Extreme so um I will start off hello all our friends it's Mari um I will likely not be listening live this Sunday since I'll be attending both days of California Extreme and I look forward to seeing Jamie if she's reading this before then so I'll catch up later via podcast
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, we hung out a couple of times.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was wonderful.
[SPEAKER_03]: And on the subject of things that are closely tied to classic games, which in my millennial mind means stuff made before the Dreamcast, I think about why the shoot-em-up genre known as shmups, top-down shooters, side-scrolling shooters, are so difficult for folks to get into, especially younger folks.
[SPEAKER_03]: and if you call all of them bullet hell even the shmups that don't have dense and pretty patterns on the screen I will likely I will make like an MIRC user and trout you slash joke that's a throwback a lot of
[SPEAKER_03]: A lot of folks will say that shmups are too difficult, especially those who were introduced to the genre through Toho Project and immediately got put off by Bullet Vomit, trademark.
[SPEAKER_03]: While I feel like that's certainly one aspect of it, I also feel like another part of why shmups are a niche at best these days is because of the structure of these games.
[SPEAKER_03]: The vast majority of shmups take you through 5-10 stages each a few minutes long on an adventure that's typically 20-60 minutes long before seeing the credits.
[SPEAKER_03]: That was a standard back in the 80s and 90s, but nowadays the paradigm shifts in the gaming industry forever changing how games are developed and how they're structured.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's seen as an outdated relic by most gamers.
[SPEAKER_03]: Many gamers these days want games that are hours-long adventures, and the fact that their website's like howlongtobeat.com shows how much gamers seem to value their games being sufficiently long.
[SPEAKER_03]: So even if shmups did have the super easy modes so that many people insist they have, they still wouldn't sell because people would just give them a quick run through and never think about the games ever again.
[SPEAKER_03]: Being a hard game hasn't stopped games like Dark Souls from selling like hotcakes and inventing a new genre in the process.
[SPEAKER_03]: My goodness, when Elden Ring came out, it drowned out other game discussion in so many of my usual communities for about a week.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sure, they may have a reputation for being less frustrating, but they still have a lot to the modern game tropes that make them appealing to anyone who isn't rarebrained like me.
[SPEAKER_03]: And one of the shmup-focused discords I'm in, shmups that are good for new players, is a topic that comes up every now and then.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I try to push for games like Zero Ranger and Dryness because they certainly still have the shmup DNA in them.
[SPEAKER_03]: They adapt some of the tropes of more modern games like storytelling.
[SPEAKER_03]: This isn't just one-line aliens are taking over the Earth blurb in the manual.
[SPEAKER_03]: The ability to save where you left off.
[SPEAKER_03]: In the case of Dranus in particular, a game that is nearly two hours long and allows the player to buy new weapons and swap them out by pausing.
[SPEAKER_03]: I feel like introducing some of the tropes of more conventional games is a better way to make these kind of games more palatable than just having a mode where enemies only shoot bullets every 15 seconds and where you have unlimited lives.
[SPEAKER_03]: Of course, that's no guarantee that those games will sell well, and it's the best I can hope for without having a game that's completely unlike the traditional shmup mold, like Vampire Saviors.
[SPEAKER_03]: While I would love to have more of my friends get into these kind of games, at the end of the day, this is a genre that has stood the test of time, and while it may never become mainstream ever again, it still has a steady and dedicated community, and shmups still get released several times a year.
[SPEAKER_03]: I am glad enough for that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, thank you for reading until next time.
[SPEAKER_03]: Screenshot that says, Shooting games never die.
[SPEAKER_03]: Praying that the lucky clover will always be in your heart.
[SPEAKER_03]: With love, Mari Clarity.
[SPEAKER_08]: interesting email because yeah you're right shmups is one of those genres that I feel like a lot of the new releases kind of get thrown into the niche bin I can't think of a lot of like mainstream releases we get but obviously you know a lot of those games I think you should kind of point out they don't always seem super easily accessible to a new crowd although there are certain ones that you know like you kind of illustrated there some good like intro sorts of games um
[SPEAKER_08]: Try not to be offended what I'm about to say as a fan of the genre.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think one thing that makes shmups very hard to explain to new people, the intricacies of the different shmups, is that a lot of them look very samey at first glance.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I realize they're not all samey, and you have to kind of take that deeper look to see some of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: But a lot of, I think, shmups to the average viewer...
[SPEAKER_08]: look a little bit samey.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think that's why something like an Ikaruga, you know, has been released as 11 billion times like it has.
[SPEAKER_03]: And over, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, because that whole polarity switching, right, was a very different thing for the genre that made people look and go, oh, this is really different.
[SPEAKER_08]: And, you know, I think is one reason why, you know, and it was just a damn good game.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it's a reason why people, you know, look at that.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I realized you could use the-
[SPEAKER_08]: And to be fair, again, because I'm not trying to be... I'm not trying to offend.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm just trying to say, like, look from this perspective.
[SPEAKER_08]: I would say this exact same thing would be true of the fighting game genre.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I think there's a lot of people that would take issue with me saying that.
[SPEAKER_08]: But again, to the average person, I think a lot of fighting games look very samey.
[SPEAKER_08]: And what's the thing that really distinguishes it?
[SPEAKER_08]: Obviously, there's a lot of the intricacies and the controls and the mechanics in that regard.
[SPEAKER_08]: 3D versus 2D, the characters.
[SPEAKER_08]: But again, look at a lot of the big...
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes!
[SPEAKER_08]: Overwatch is different because, again, that's why they lean so hard to try to make distinguishable characters.
[SPEAKER_08]: But then when we had a Concord, well, we see how that went.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then, of course, again, Marvel.
[SPEAKER_08]: Marvel rivals doing very well in that genre for a new kid on the block because of its instantly recognizable characters and those sorts of things.
[SPEAKER_08]: Dragon Spirit Dragon Spirit
[SPEAKER_08]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm getting mixed up with the Super Nintendo Kimco game that I was talking about on another thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, Dragon Spirit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because it's kind of different because you're a dragon.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_08]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've shown you Psychic Storm for PC Engine.
[SPEAKER_03]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_03]: Or even my beloved Star Parodia.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_03]: Where you're playing as either Twinbee or a flying PC Engine.
Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I know it's cliche, but one place I really like to start with shmups is Life Force or Salamander.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like obviously that game, you know, got a lot of releases and different tweaks.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I love that concept of like flying through a human body for like a shooter game.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just really cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: I love that series.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway, great email.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: So the last one.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hi, y'all.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is NoOneSpecial77.
[SPEAKER_03]: Long time no see.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sorry, I haven't been around.
[SPEAKER_03]: But things have been chaotic.
[SPEAKER_03]: At any rate, in this email, I'd like to address a subject that may affect some folks in the community.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm not sure if you had already addressed this.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe, maybe not.
[SPEAKER_03]: In short, it appears that as of this past Friday, Microsoft is officially retired.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, we talked about this.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a video game service on Windows and consoles.
[SPEAKER_03]: While people can still access previously purchased... Oh, he's got some weird typos in here.
[SPEAKER_03]: ... ... ... ... ... ...
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: And now that this email's coming in, I remember when he went by a different monkey or Ragenator or whatever, I remember he would talk about... I thought he bought them on PlayStation as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe I'm mixing that up a little bit.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I remember him talking about...
[SPEAKER_08]: using this to buy movies and TV shows and stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: And yeah, I can imagine how incredibly frustrating this is.
[SPEAKER_08]: And even though you're still gonna have access to the archive for now, and hopefully for a long time, let's say it is a TV show and it's a newer TV show.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's say it's, oh, I don't know, Star Trek, Strange New Worlds, humor me here.
[SPEAKER_08]: And maybe you have the first couple seasons that have already come out, but now the new season, you're gonna have to go to a new service to get that.
[SPEAKER_08]: You're not going to be able to buy that episode by episode on Xbox.
[SPEAKER_08]: And now you're going to have split locations for your different seasons of that TV show.
[SPEAKER_08]: That sucks.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's annoying as fuck.
[SPEAKER_07]: And now you're going to have to contend with the thought that Paramount agreed with a certain president to pay him off because of some phony lawsuit.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then Stephen Colbert's show is cancelled now because of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a whole other Oprah, but yes.
[SPEAKER_08]: And there's that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um...
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah, we got into it pretty much earlier in the show, but I appreciate hearing from your perspective as somebody who is very much impacted by this news.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I can't imagine having a good time hearing about this, so I'm sorry to hear it.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I will be curious.
[SPEAKER_08]: He said Amazon, he's already considering switching.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm curious where he's going now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was remembering when we were talking about platforms like how Steam should sell movies like that I think my friend turned me on to Vudu as an option like that They sell a lot of old movies for dirt cheap sometimes through their digital platform Isn't Vudu the Walmart owned one?
[SPEAKER_08]: I think so That makes sense, they have a virtual $5 DVD bin Alright
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, if you would like to send us an email for a future week, participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to send an email.
[SPEAKER_08]: And thank you to Dark Tetsuya for reminding me that he had sent something on Blue Sky, and you can follow us on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, the name of Voodoo changed to Fandango at Home, I guess through a series of acquisitions.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that's correct.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: My mistake.
[SPEAKER_07]: I forgot about that.
[SPEAKER_08]: I didn't know that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Do they do the Fandango with your credit card?
[SPEAKER_03]: and Spandango.
[SPEAKER_08]: I remember those commercials with the paper bag people.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey, BlueSky.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can follow us on BlueSky at our domain, Orangelandradio.com.
[SPEAKER_08]: BlueSky allows you to use your domain as your username to show verification.
[SPEAKER_08]: So we are on BlueSky at Orangelandradio.com and DarkTetsuya sent us a message and I did want to address this saying, so I was watching one of my favorite retro game YouTubers and apparently he was a guest at a new convention out in Sacramento.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know if any of y'all have heard of it,
[SPEAKER_08]: But from what I've seen, it sounded really cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: And it was a thing called... It's like a Sacramento GamesCon, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, it's not that.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a different one.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is the Fire and Ice RGX, Roseville Gamers Expo.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've heard of that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know what Fire and Ice is, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I've heard of the store.
[SPEAKER_08]: I haven't been there yet, but I've definitely driven by it because wasn't that the one that used to be a religious, like it was a Christian bookstore?
[SPEAKER_08]: And now it's a gamer store, which I think is really funny.
[SPEAKER_08]: it may have been, it's also no, I'm sorry that's Fired Up Esports Lounge very similar name, sorry but there is also a store called Fire and Ice out there in that area which is like a retro Fire and Ice retro games or whatever and they also have what was it, there's
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, there's two locations now.
[SPEAKER_07]: They just opened one over by the old Chuck E. Cheese and Citrus Heights.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's over there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like Cusar?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, Cusar used to be a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_01]: Holy shit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that is dead is dead.
[SPEAKER_07]: So dead.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: What I was going to say... Yeah, they did... So they basically have combined forces with the folks that do the... It's like a Sacramento Game Expo that's like every December or so.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's all the SAC anime people.
[SPEAKER_08]: They do cons all the time.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's just an offshoot of SAC anime.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I...
[SPEAKER_08]: I've spoken, by the way, recently with people on this, so...
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah TBD it was when they were at the Red Lion which is now like condos it's not even there anymore so um we yeah we did so anyway yeah we'd love to get back in the circle with this um here's the problem so here's I actually have a very short answer believe it or not even though we've spent a few minutes talking about I have a very short answer as to why I did not check out this convention Dark Tetsuya it was the same weekend as Southern Fried Gaming Expo I wasn't here
[SPEAKER_08]: I was in Atlanta.
[SPEAKER_08]: So it was the same weekend.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's why I couldn't tell you.
[SPEAKER_08]: Excuses, excuses.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: You all could have gone.
[SPEAKER_08]: But anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think I was out of town too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that's right.
[SPEAKER_08]: You were in San Diego.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, that leaves one of us.
[SPEAKER_07]: I knew about it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I had a ballet performance.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: so we just we bad weekend for us but we'll keep an eye on it I would like to get involved we really should just pay attention to our schedules when they do this look I'd love to get involved with more gaming cons locally and I don't want to say too much but it's not the same company but they are friends I work a lot with a friend company so I can probably just send a couple emails and see if we can get it to the next one but yeah they just they happen a lot there's one of those gaming things if it's not
[SPEAKER_08]: Really, Rob?
[SPEAKER_08]: FFS.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um, but I will say this next year, um, Southern Fried Gaming Expo is going back to its old time slot at the end of July, early August, which makes it a lot less likely that I'll probably go.
[SPEAKER_08]: Although I will admit I'm sitting here going, I always sit here and go two trips back to back as a bad idea.
[SPEAKER_08]: But now that I'm sitting here like four weeks after Southern Fried is done, I'm like, I could, I could go to Atlanta next weekend if I needed to.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, it's not that bad.
[SPEAKER_08]: What?
[SPEAKER_08]: There's a solution.
[SPEAKER_03]: See if you can telework.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, I telework all the time.
[SPEAKER_08]: I could telework in another – No.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, and just work from wherever you're staying.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't want to get into it too much.
[SPEAKER_08]: I can sometimes do those things in a limited capacity, although usually there has to be like a reason.
[SPEAKER_08]: But anyway, I'm not going to get too much into it further.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm just saying I'm throwing it out there.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, I get it.
Okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: So what else do I want to say on all that?
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, but next, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: Specifically next year, Alan and I are looking at doing a cruise in early August.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's a hard no on Southern Fried because of the time frame.
[SPEAKER_08]: If we do the cruise.
[SPEAKER_08]: But right now we are waitlisted for said cruise.
[SPEAKER_08]: So if we do not get through the waitlist, never say never.
[SPEAKER_08]: So we'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess that's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you for your messages on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you for your messages that participate at OrangeLondrina.com.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think we're ready to wrap things up.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're actually running a little longer than we usually do, but we've had a lot to say.
[SPEAKER_08]: And it's refreshing to be back in that two to three hour time frame for this program where we have a lot to say.
[SPEAKER_08]: But it is time to wrap it up and head out for the night.
[SPEAKER_08]: So let's go around and get everybody... Actually, first, let me check on last minute stories from Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: You might have a thing or two.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do.
[SPEAKER_07]: And this is a doozy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, shit.
[SPEAKER_07]: So...
[SPEAKER_07]: So, PAL World, Nintendo, their whole lawsuit is still ongoing, but there's an interesting little thing that's happened.
[SPEAKER_07]: Apparently, Nintendo, and how is this even possible?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't even know.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, during the lawsuit, the patents that they are saying that PAL World is infringing upon, Nintendo is changing those while...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: After the fact?
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, that seems illegal to me.
[SPEAKER_03]: It wouldn't have any standing because it has to be based off the verbiage at the time of the release.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I mean, I don't know they're doing it, though.
[SPEAKER_07]: It says the company has changed the language behind one of its patents during the middle of the ongoing lawsuit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Apparently, Nintendo wanted to change their patent regarding the smooth switching of writing objects.
[SPEAKER_07]: Such as moving from flying to an avian creature to another land-based mount.
[SPEAKER_07]: They said Nintendo's patent update added far more language without changing the core technical terms used in its copyright.
[SPEAKER_07]: What is kind of confusing is the fact that they used the inclusion of the language even when statement, which is very unusual for patents.
[SPEAKER_07]: It says the deliberate use of even could be Nintendo's attempt to make their patent
[SPEAKER_07]: I've been following the patent litigation for 15 years, for the better part of that period as a consultant, and I have seen many claims that were amended, but I've never seen even when or even if in a patent claim.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's bizarre.
[SPEAKER_07]: And, um, yeah, it says the overly long paragraph in the use of subjective terms might be getting thrown up as a shield.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, so I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that's, it's interesting to see them kind of tweaking that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know if it's some sort of way to try to, you know, expand the coverage of this lawsuit, or is it just...
[SPEAKER_07]: They're doing routine updates and it just happens to co-assign during this lawsuit.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't trust Nintendo in this case.
[SPEAKER_07]: It feels really shady in the first place to be even suing Palworld at this point.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sue them on stealing the designs of your characters, but the game mechanics?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't like the idea that you're even patenting game mechanics.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
[SPEAKER_08]: We're starting with Mass Effect 2 instead of the first Mass Effect, now that I got my save editor working.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, so you're doing some Mass Effect tonight.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hell yeah!
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, enjoy.
[SPEAKER_08]: Have fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm Jamie and this is my favorite Mass Effect on the Mass Effect.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, we'll see you in a little bit, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_08]: Always date Garrus.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, Loki, let's go to your final thought.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hopefully I can get in the right mind space to be able to code this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's been the problem last week.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was like taking forever after work, like just brain fried to try to shift gears into coding stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, you can't just use AI and vibes?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, you can't.
[SPEAKER_07]: AI answers are usually wrong, especially with data packs, because there's so many changes so often.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um, my final thought tonight.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't, I don't have a lot.
[SPEAKER_08]: I just, um, Hmm.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm thankful I had a three day weekend.
[SPEAKER_08]: I have a new work schedule that allows me to work.
[SPEAKER_08]: I work nine hour days, which is fine.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm used to it at this point.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I have, um, every other Friday off and it's been quite lovely.
[SPEAKER_08]: I enjoyed my three day weekend.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's nice.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, um,
[SPEAKER_08]: I get more me time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Random trips.
[SPEAKER_08]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Have a good week, everybody.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio in seven days to talk about whatever comes up in this next week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Is it true that they'll do a Nintendo Direct right after the Donkey Kong Bonanza release, as all those rumors are saying?
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll find out in seven days.
[SPEAKER_08]: I kind of don't think so, but I'd love to be wrong.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll find out in seven days.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bye, everybody.
[SPEAKER_04]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_04]: See you next week.